harry 1147



"Good Lord," said the bartender, peering at Harry, "is this -- can this
be --?



CHAPTER NINE

THE MIDNIGHT DUEL

Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR

In years to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to
get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting
through the door at any moment.



CHAPTER TEN

HALLOWEEN

Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were
still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

NICOLAS FLAMEL

Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of
Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the
invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk.



CHAPTER THREE

THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE

The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry his
longest-ever punishment.


" Brocklehurst, Mandy" went to Ravenclaw too, but "Brown, Lavender"
became the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded
with cheers; Harry could see Ron's twin brothers catcalling.


"-- packed with Muggles, of course --"

Harry swung round.


"Ah, Yes," he said softly, "Harry Potter.


"All right there, Harry?


"All right," Harry mumbled, "I'm getting up.


"An' here's Harry!


"And we'd better stay outside the third-floor corridor," Harry told Ron.


"Anyway -- Harry," said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, "a
very happy birthday to yeh.


"Are you really Harry Potter?


"Best be Off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an' buy
all yer stuff fer school.


"Better you than me," they said together, but Harry had an idea that
Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.


"Bless my soul," whispered the old bartender, "Harry Potter.


"Broken wrist," Harry heard her mutter.


"Bye," said Harry and Ron.


"Come on, Harry!


"Don' you worry, Harry.


"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Harry sat down next to
him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Harry's face.


"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up the grassy
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?


"Dunno what Harry thinks he's doing," Hagrid mumbled.


"Er -- I don't know any," Harry confessed.


"Er -- no," said Harry.


"Er -- yes, Harry -- about this cupboard.


"Excuse me," Harry said to the plump woman.


"Follow me, you two," said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up
the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.


"Give it here," Harry called, "or I'll knock you off that broom!


"Give that here, Malfoy," said Harry quietly.


"Go to your cupboard -- I mean, your bedroom," he wheezed at Harry.


"Good afternoon, Harry," said Dumbledore.


"Good luck, Harry Potter," said Firenze.


"Good luck, Harry," he murmured.


"HARRY POTTER!


"Hagrid," said Harry loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going to
be as long as your house.


"Harry -- move diagonally four squares to the right.


"Harry Potter!


"Harry Potter, "chorused the twins.


"Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used -for?


"Harry Potter," said Harry.


"Harry Potter.


"Harry!


"Harry, everyone says Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was ever
afraid of With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won't touch you.


"Harry, relax, Hermione's right, the Stone's safe as long as
Dumbledore's around.


"Harry, where have you been?


"Harry, you need your strength," said Seamus Finnigan.


"Harry," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves?


"He didn't catch it, he nearly swallowed it," Flint was still howling
twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Harry hadn't broken
any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results --
Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.


"He thinks this door is locked," Harry whispered.


"He's heading for the third floor," Harry said, but Ron held up his
hand.


"He's just the build for a Seeker, too," said Wood, now walking around
Harry and staring at him.


"Hello," said Harry awkwardly.


"Help yourself," said Harry.


"I can't," said Harry.


"I don't know, sit," said Harry.


"I don't know," said Harry quietly.


"I know," Harry murmured through the glass, though he wasn't sure the
snake could hear him.


"I start training next week," said Harry.


"I think we've lost him," Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall
and wiping his forehead.


"I won't blow up the house," said Harry, but they weren't listening.


"I'll get him," said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of
these days, I'll get him --"

"I hate them both," said Harry, "Malfoy and Snape.


"I'll use the invisibility cloak," said Harry.


"I'm fine," said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying.


"I'm glad we didn't have to fight that one," Harry whispered as they
stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.


"I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Harry was pleased to hear
the note of panic in his voice.


"I'm not ill," said Harry.


"I'm sorry, Harry!


"I've just thought of something," said Harry.


"If we just do a bit of poking around --"

"No," said Harry flatly, "we've done enough poking around.


"It's tonight," said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was
out of earshot.


"It's too late to change the plan now," Harry told Hermione.


"Just five minutes," Harry pleaded.


"Just let him go," Harry urged.


"Keep playing," Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and
crept toward the trapdoor.


"Look," said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's
about the Sorcerer's tone --"

Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that.


"Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione," said Harry as he
joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.


"Make Harry get it.


"Merry Christmas," said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and
pulled on his bathrobe.


"My name is Firenze," he added, as he lowered himself on to his front
legs so that Harry could clamber onto his back.


"Nearly," said Harry.


"Never mind that -- pig snout, pig snout," panted Harry, and the
portrait swung forward.


"No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy," Harry called.


"No," said Harry.


"Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Harry.


"Nothing, Neville, nothing," said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak
behind his back.


"Nothing," Harry lied.


"Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried
--"

"The whole school's talking about it," said Ron.


"Oh, I will," said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was
spreading over his face.


"Oh, him," said Harry.


"Oh, let's kick her, just this once," Ron whispered in Harry's ear, but
Harry shook his head.


"Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly,
noticing where Harry was looking.


"Out of the way, you," he said, punching Harry in the ribs.


"Probably," said Harry.


"Seems a shame ter row, though," said Hagrid, giving Harry another of
his sideways looks.


"Snape's," said Harry.


"So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Harry
went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me
off.


"So that's where You-Know-Who

"Yes," said Harry, "but I can't remember it.


"So," said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with
Harry, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of
the Mirror of Erised.


"Sorry," Harry said quickly.


"Sorry," said Harry, "but what's curious?


"Stand back," Wood warned Harry.


"Still got yer letter, Harry?


"Thanks, Harry.


"Thanks," said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.


"That does look good," said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Harry
cut up his steak,

"Can't you --?


"That's Hagrid," said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn't.


"That's a broomstick," he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture
of jealousy and spite on his face.


"That's friendly," said Harry.


"The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Harry, and I ask you
not to go looking for it again.


"The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard yes, their son, Harry"

Mr.


"The keys in the lock," Harry muttered.


"They stuff people's heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,"
he told Harry.


"This is Ron," Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a
large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.


"Typical," said Harry darkly.


"Unless you get out now," said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because
Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.


"Very," said Harry.


"Want to play chess, Harry?


"We know Oliver's speech by heart," Fred told Harry, "we were on the
team last year.


"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely,
Harry and Ron thought.


"We were --" Harry began, without any idea what he was going to say.


"We'll just have to --" Harry began, but a voice suddenly rang across
the hall.


"We've got the invisibility cloak," said Harry.


"We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Harry.


"Well done, Ron, excellent," said Percy Weasley Pompously across Harry
as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin.


"Well done," said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear.


"Well, that's something," Harry muttered to the others.


"Well, there you are," Harry said quietly, "Snape's already got past
Fluffy.


"Yeah," said Ron, "and lucky Harry doesn't lose his head in a crisis --
'there's no wood,' honestly.


"Yes, please," Harry panted.


"Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.


"Yes," said Harry.


"You all right, Harry?


"You could just leave me here," Harry put in hopefully (he'd be able to
watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go
on Dudley's computer).


"You drink that," said Harry.


"You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit lighter,"
said Harry, trying to take Ron's mind off houses.


"You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said
Ron, when Harry told him about these drearns.


"You want to be careful with those," Ron warned Harry.


"You're right Harry," said Hermione in a small voice.


"You're saying it wrong," Harry heard Hermione snap.


"You're worth twelve of Malfoy," Harry said.


"You, too," said Harry.


A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts always do when
you're very nervous.


About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and
shouted that Harry needed a haircut.


After a good night's sleep, Harry felt nearly back to normal.


All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that Snape had
just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be
walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given
in at last.


All the same, it wasn't what you'd call the perfect end to the day,
Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus
falling asleep (Neville wasn't back from the hospital wing).


And Harry let go.


And there's Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, his heart
sinking.


Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting
old sweater of Dudley's (brown with orange puff balls) -- The harder she
tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until
finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn't fit
Harry.


As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Harry
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much
to think about as tea with Hagrid.


As seven o'clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the
dusk toward the Quidditch field.


As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous,
whatever he told Ron and Hermione.


As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low,
hissing voice said, "Brazil, here I come.


At school, Harry had no one.


At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it
while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a
video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and
a VCR.


At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor
Snape disliked him.


At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors
hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying
lesson.


But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed
back into bed.


But the others wouldn't let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himself.


Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it
looked wonderful.


Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and
Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was
still growling inside.


Except --

"So -- back again, Harry?


Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron.


From being one of the most popular and admired people at the school,
Harry was suddenly the most hated.


Had Harry thought that things couldn't have been worse?


Hagrid


Harry borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the
back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.


Hagrid grinned at Harry.


Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag.


Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do
was keep close behind him.


Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in
the back of the Dursleys' car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the
zoo for the first time in his life.


Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because Wood had decided that, as
their secret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, secret.


Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day
to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.


Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy's
obvious rage and confusion.


Harry and Ron jumped to their feet.


Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old git.


Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball
fight on the grounds.


Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor.


Harry could have laughed out loud with relief He was safe.


Harry couldn't sit down.


Harry did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his
forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the
forest.


Harry didn't have a clue what was going on.


Harry didn't know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to
keep running into Snape wherever he went.


Harry didn't miss a single one, and Wood was delighted.


Harry didn't move.


Harry didn't sleep all night.


Harry didn't think there was anything wrong with not being able to
afford an owl.


Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog,
the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas.


Harry felt restless.


Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to
last.


Harry got to his feet.


Harry groped for the doorknob -- between Filch and death, he'd take
Filch.


Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day.


Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but
come they did.


Harry had never been to London before.


Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.


Harry had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner.


Harry had reached the shed.


Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him
freeze where he stood.


Harry had the best morning he'd had in a long time.


Harry hadn't had a single letter since Hagrid's note, something that
Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course.


Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.


Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off.


Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground.


Harry jumped to his feet, caught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as
tight as he could.


Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for company.


Harry knew, somehow, what to do.


Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the
next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether they'd ever
see him alive again.


Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch.


Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a
Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup
match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest
players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to
them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had
been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.


Harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two
Thousand back to the broomshed.


Harry listened.


Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he
hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.


Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively
beaming at him.


Harry looked down at his empty gold plate.


Harry looked in the bowl again.


Harry looked up at the giant.


Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the
beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.


Harry made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night.


Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake.


Harry nodded.


Harry picked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant
elastic band.


Harry picked up the top parcel.


Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn't
trust him at all.


Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment
near the end of the train.


Harry pulled back his bangs to show the lightning scar.


Harry pushed the door open.


Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult
as there wasn't much room.


Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed
a four-legged stool in front of the first years.


Harry realized his mouth was open and closed it quickly.


Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to
rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned the date.


Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:


DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.


Harry sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the
red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying.


Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor's tank
had vanished.


Harry saw it.


Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.


Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and
then start to fall.


Harry scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon
was swelling inside him.


Harry stared.


Harry swallowed and looked around him.


Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He
took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the
troll's neck from behind.


Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle.


Harry tried to take a step backward but his legs wouldn't move.


Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that
Dumbledore's face had disappeared.


Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found
anything, but he wasn't very hopeful.


Harry was almost glad that the exams weren't far away.


Harry was faster than Higgs -- he could see the little round ball, wings
fluttering, darting up ahead - - he put on an extra spurt of speed --

WHAM!


Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his
mother.


Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudley's gang,
who visited the house every single day.


Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell
came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.


Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him
(chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).


Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching
that of his reflection.


Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his
hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick -- he hit the field
on all fours -- coughed -- and something gold fell into his hand.


Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn't miles behind everyone
else.


Harry wasn't listening.


Harry wasn't sure he could explain.


Harry watched the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the
corner.


Harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at his letter.


Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on
Astronomy.


Harry would have screamed, but he couldn't make a sound.


Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.


Harry, who was looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and
Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Ron say, "Hagrid!


Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at

the High Table again.


He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat
them.


Heart hammering, Harry pushed his cart after them.


Hedwig hadn't brought Harry anything so far.


Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry
and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer
for it.


Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.


Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was
smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.


Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the
Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned
them all forward.


Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron, but she was such a
bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus.


Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry
clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him
off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.


I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Harry, remembering suddenly.


I know they don't," said Harry.


I never know," Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart,
"what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?


I think he's been knocked out," Ron said to Harry.


It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby littie package
from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.


It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not
to meddle in things that weren't his business from now on.


It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because
the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to
him so far.


It was only then that Harry realized what was standing behind Quirrell.


It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermlone as a friend.


It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry
knew that the only reason they weren't already dead was that their
sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting
over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.


It was true that Harry wasn't going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.


Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the
big, squashy something had been his uncle's face.


Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Harry had seen in the forest,
or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron
and Hermione didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.


Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Harry thought wildly,
that seemed the sort of thing -- noticing that everyone in the hall was
now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too.


Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were
changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing
in green).


Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a century.


On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry.


Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time
to think much about Flamel.


Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking
as though he hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors
and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which
she left "to hide that horrible scar.


One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings
uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs.


Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others.


Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange
dream.


Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry
had always been small and skinny for his age.


Professor McGonagall

Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to
read.


Professor McGonagall Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do
in the furor over the points they'd lost.


Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.


Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly curse, but Harry, by
instinct, reached up and grabbed Quirrell's face --

"AAAARGH!


Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess.


Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped
it onto an empty seat.


Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at
Harry.


Shaking, Harry moved three spaces to the left.


Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week
made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous.


Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault,
Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous
jewels at the very least -- but at first he thought it was empty.


Suddenly, Harry felt wide-awake.


The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he'd never been
allowed to eat as much as he liked.


The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at
them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping
to fall right through it and reach them.


The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a
knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces
and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron,
and Hermione took.


The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and
Neville at the breakfast table.


The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made
their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through
the Leaky Cauldron, now empty.


The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was
just no good telling the Dursleys he didn't make them happen.


The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the
end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common
room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess.


The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the
door.


Then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, Harry
found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron.


Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid.


There was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when Harry
went in for breakfast.


There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced
boy Harry had passed on platform nine and threequarters came in.


They fell backward -- Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they
almost flew, back down the corridor.


They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary
book, even though Harry was still sure he'd read the name somewhere.


They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key struggling in
his hand.


This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house,
wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he
could see a tiny ray of hope.


Three boys entered, and Harry recognized the middle one at once: it was
the pale boy from Madam Malkin's robe shop.


Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick
and kicked off from the ground.


Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax
seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake
surrounding a large letter H.


Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.


Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see
something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches -- the next
second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the
Snitch clasped in his hand.


Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for
some sign of the Snitch.


When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of
things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous
balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.


When Harry knocked they heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and
several booming barks.


When Harry pulled back his sheets, he found his invisibility cloak
folded neatly underneath them.


When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started
talking loudly at once.


When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown
relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
Dursleys were his only family.


When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice
to Harry, made Dudley go and get it.


Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for
long.

"Or both," said Harry.

As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry
suddenly grabbed Ron's arm.

Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Harry
in it were empty.

Harry Potter come and live here!

Harry Potter.

Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it
wrong for years.

Harry and Ron wouldn't have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the
same.

Harry caught a glimpse of her face -- and was startled to see that she
was in tears.

Harry could see Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table.

Harry could see three letters addressed in green ink.

Harry couldn't make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering
worse than ever.

Harry pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat.

Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what he'd promised
himself about not meddling.

Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it -- but just as
the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large
crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last
backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.

Harry wished they wouldn't, because he was trying to concentrate on
finding his way to classes.

Harry!

Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the
Body-Bind Curse put on him.

Harry, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down
his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.

Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lionfish, ignored them.

He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very
long fingers and feet.

Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the
three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite
keen to have another one.

Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to
Harry any more, after all.

Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection
from one of the Weasleys' wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to
come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry
dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.

Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of
students who would be staying for the holidays, and Harry had signed up
at once.

The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were
going to end up as Mrs.

They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and
Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.

They're saying he tried to kill the Potter's son, Harry.

Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in
danger.

With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could
read upside down:

Dear Professor Dumbledore,

Given Harry his letter.

finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking coins.
 "

Someone knocked into Harry as they hurried past him.
 " So me, Harry,
an' Hermione'll go one way an' Draco, Neville, an' Fang'll go the other.
 "And that reminds me -Harry, Ron, we've got
half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.
 "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
-- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -"

"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
the front door.
 "But first years never -- you must be the youngest
house player in about a century, said Harry, shoveling pie into his
mouth.
 "Finnigan, Seamus," the
sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost
a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.
 "Harry -- yet a
wizard.
 "Harry Potter, not a wizard -- you wait, you'll be
right famous at Hogwarts.
 "Harry hasn't had much to do yet.
 "Harry, Professor Quirrell will be
one of your teachers at Hogwarts.
 "I was
trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
catch you, he said you had a drag --"

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
McGonagall had seen.
 "I'd have thought you, of all people --"

"I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name," said Harry, I
just never knew you shouldn't.
 "I'm with Harry.
 "It's no wonder no
one can stand her," he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the
crowded corridor, "she's a nightmare, honestly.
 "Listen, Harry, would yeh mind if I
slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron?
 "Look," Harry heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus
Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops
selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen
before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes,
tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
bottles, globes of the moon.
 "Moon" "Nott" "Parkinson" then a
pair of twin girls, "Patil" and "Patil" then "Perks, Sally-Anne" and
then, at last -- "Potter, Harry!
 "Never mind," said Harry
quickly.
 "Right, stand back, Harry.
 "They're saying all down the train that Harry
Potter's in this compartment.
 "Thomas, Dean,"
a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table.
 "Well, it's true," Harry chortled as they
reached the top of the marble staircase, "If he hadn't stolen Neville's
Remembrall I wouln't be on the team.
 "You
could look more cheerful, Harry, we've got a week before we find out how
badly we've done, there's no need to worry yet.
 'Cause somethin' about you finished him, Harry.
 A little way into it they reached a
fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left
path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
 A lot of green smoke came billowing out, and
as it cleared, Harry gasped.
 A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint
had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry's broom spun off course, Harry
holding on for dear life.
 After asking Harry
furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the
shop without buying anything.
 Ah, Harry, I don' know if I'm the right
person ter tell yeh -- but someone 3 s gotta -- yeh can't go off ter
Hogwarts not knowin'.
 Ahead, Harry could see the lighted windows of Hagrid's
hut.
 All
right, Harry, Hermione?
 All right there, Harry?
 And did Hagrid know something about
Snape that he didn't want to tell Harry?
 And slowly, Harry looked into the
faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as
though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family,
for the first time in his life.
 And then
the story started to spread: Harry Potter, the famous Harry Potter,
their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lo st them all those points,
him and a couple of other stupid first years.
 As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land
nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry felt a hand on his
shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore's smiling face.
 As Harry moved aside, he felt the
Sorcerer's Stone against his leg.
 As a surprise for Harry, they had painted a large banner on
one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined.
 As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except
snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were
all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had
nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to
squeeze him to death.
 As for Harry and Ron, their legs
had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.
 At every turn Harry expected to run into Filch or Mrs.
 Aunt Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to
his great relief, Harry wasn't punished.
 Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley
looked like a baby angel -- Harry often said that Dudley looked like a
pig in a wig.
 Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley,
looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.
 Blimey, Harry, everyone'd be wantin' magic solutions to their
problems.
 Blocks of ice cream in every flavor you
could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam
doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell-O, rice pudding -- "

As Harry helped himself to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their
families.
 But the news
that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn't know
which was worse -- people telling him he'd be brilliant or people
telling him they'd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.
 But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers
calming down enough to say, "Harry was talking to it, weren't you,
Harry?
 Caught by
surprise, Harry fell hard on the concrete floor.
 Chess was the only
thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very
good for her.
 Come on, Harry.
 Come to think
of it, he wasn't even sure his nephew was called Harry.
 Dark days, Harry.
 Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get
everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing
Harry as Seeker next.
 Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds
and damp, musty sheets.
 Dudley had always taken anything
that Harry really wanted, even if It made him sick.
 Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on
the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and
wondering.
 Dudley's
favorite punching bag was Harry, but he couldn't often catch him.
 Every
year, Harry was left behind with Mrs.
 Every night before he went to
sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned
to the wall, counting down to September the first.
 Everybody knew that Dudley's gang hated
that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and
nobody liked to disagree with Dudley's gang.
 Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o'
duffers, but --"

"I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Harry gloomily.
 Everywhere Harry went, people pointed and didn't trouble
to lower their voices as they insulted him.
 Exactly why Dudley wanted a
racing bike was a mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated
exercise -- unless of course it involved punching somebody.
 Finally he said,
"Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at
chess --"

"We're not offended," said Harry quickly.
 Flint coulda knocked Harry outta the
air.
 Get it on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even
Harry got one.
 Getting
desperate, Harry asked for the train that left at eleven o'clock, but
the guard said there wasn't one.
 Hagrid almost had to drag
Harry away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and
Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs,
Tongue- Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
 Hagrid and Harry made
for the counter.
 Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing
at two large ice creams to show he couldn't come in.
 Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not
to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.
 Hagrid, who didn't understand "Muggle money," as he
called it, gave the bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets.
 Harder to shake off was the
feeling Harry had gotten from the teacher's look -- a feeling that he
didn't like Harry at all.
 Harry
Potter.
 Harry
and Hermione walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn't come
quickly enough.
 Harry
and Ron didn't talk much.
 Harry
cheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that changed color as you
wrote.
 Harry
could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right
-the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall
showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall.
 Harry
couldn't sleep.
 Harry
didn't look it, but he was very fast.
 Harry
got slowly to his feet.
 Harry
had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes.
 Harry
hardly heard a word of Wood's pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditch
robes and picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand.
 Harry
heard none of this, though.
 Harry
longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask.
 Harry
looked over her shoulder to read it:

Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,

Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,

One among us seven will let you move ahead,

Another will transport the drinker back instead,

Two among our number hold only nettle wine,

Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.
 Harry
looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly
back into solid wall.
 Harry
peered at it.
 Harry
thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him.
 Harry
took the parchment envelope out of his pocket.
 Harry
tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left,
but it was impossible.
 Harry
turned it off quickly and dressed silently.
 Harry
watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as
glowing coals.
 Harry
wished he could forget what he'd seen in the mirror as easily, but he
couldn't.
 Harry
wondered what their punishment was going to be.
 Harry Potter not knowin' his
own story when every kid in our world knows his name!
 Harry Potter rolled over inside his
blankets without waking up.
 Harry Potter's coming -- he's got a
dragon!
 Harry Potter's safe.
 Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but
silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry,
his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at
the crack between door and floor.
 Harry and Hermione's jaws
dropped.
 Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks
before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.
 Harry and Ron beamed at
Hermione.
 Harry and Ron exchanged looks
with raised eyebrows.
 Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their
very first morning.
 Harry and Ron were followed
into their boat by Neville and Hermione.
 Harry and Ron wheeled round.
 Harry and Seamus swished and flicked, but the
feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the
desktop.
 Harry blew it --
it sounded a bit like an owl.
 Harry breathed in the funny smell that
seemed to come from Quirrell's turban.
 Harry could hear running water;
there must be a stream somewhere close by.
 Harry could see a clearing ahead,
through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.
 Harry could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.
 Harry couldn't blame them.
 Harry couldn't think of anything to
say to comfort him.
 Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a
second later the hat had shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!
 Harry decided on the truth.
 Harry didn't know
whether to laugh or not.
 Harry didn't know where to run first now that he had a bag
full of money.
 Harry didn't like the look on Malfoy's face at all.
 Harry didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had
the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.
 Harry didn't speak at all as they walked
down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at
them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped
packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry's lap.
 Harry didn't trust himself to speak.
 Harry dropped the cloak from around his
shoulders and ran to the mirror.
 Harry felt a great leap of
excitement.
 Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach.
 Harry felt strangely as though he had
entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that
had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow
boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.
 Harry glanced at Ron, who
looked as stumped as he was; Hermione's hand had shot into the air.
 Harry got slowly out
of bed and started looking for socks.
 Harry got toast,
coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was
even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn't
touch, which turned out to be pepper.
 Harry grinned
back.
 Harry gulped.
 Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had
gotten a detention, too.
 Harry had been quite right to
think she wasn't a teacher to cross.
 Harry had caught Ron
prodding Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the
players move.
 Harry had even less time than the other
two, because Quidditch practice had started again.
 Harry had gotten used to this by now, but
it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a
hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast,
circling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters
and packages onto their laps.
 Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley
complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to
vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.
 Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened
when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall.
 Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
had so many questions in his life.
 Harry had never seen
anything so beautiful and sad.
 Harry had never seen her look so angry.
 Harry had only just raised
his wand when they heard someone speak -and it wasn't Malfoy.
 Harry hardly drew
breath.
 Harry hated it there.
 Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then
the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove.
 Harry heard something creak outside.
 Harry jumped.
 Harry jumped; he had almost
forgotten that the Dursleys were there.
 Harry kept looking
nervously over his shoulder.
 Harry kept looking around.
 Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs.
 Harry landed next to him.
 Harry leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the
cloak out from under it.
 Harry lit a lamp to see his
way along the rows of books.
 Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with
his wand in the air.
 Harry looked at it, too.
 Harry looked at the floor.
 Harry looked behind him
and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the
words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.
 Harry looked over his
shoulder -- but still, no one was there.
 Harry moved closer.
 Harry must have had more haircuts
than the rest of the boys in his class put

together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way --
all over the place.
 Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to
get to the mirror he hadn't noticed him.
 Harry nervously tried to
flatten his hair.
 Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping.
 Harry noticed he gripped his pink
umbrella very tightly as he spoke.
 Harry noticed him glance at the
fire.
 Harry noticed that she seemed to be speaking
particularly to the Slytherin Captain, Marcus Flint, a sixth year.
 Harry noticed that the other teachers' smiles had become
rather fixed.
 Harry noticed that they seemed to be straining to
escape the straps holding them inside the box.
 Harry now
carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with
her head under her wing.
 Harry opened it
curiously.
 Harry opened it with trembling fingers.
 Harry peered out of the window.
 Harry picked it up and felt it.
 Harry piled his
plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat.
 Harry privately
agreed, though the thought didn't cheer him up at all.
 Harry pulled a wizard
cracker with Fred and it didn't just bang, it went off with a blast like
a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the
inside exploded a rear admiral's hat and several live, white mice.
 Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.
 Harry ran upstairs to their dark dormitory.
 Harry read the
story again.
 Harry recognized him at once from the card he'd
gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the train.
 Harry said nothing.
 Harry sank down to sit on the floor in
front of the mirror.
 Harry saw
he still had a black mark on his nose.
 Harry saw his
scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp,
slip sideways off the broom and --

WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass
in a heap.
 Harry saw the boys' mother waving and their
sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train
until it gathered too much speed, then she fell back and waved.
 Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving
merrily at her.
 Harry shivered in
the cold night air.
 Harry showed him.
 Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap.
 Harry snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one
high, unbroken, earsplitting note.
 Harry spotted Professor Quirtell, too, the nervous young man
from the Leaky Cauldron.
 Harry stared at him.
 Harry stared at the note.
 Harry strained to catch what they were saying.
 Harry stuck his wand
up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club.
 Harry stuffed the cloak
quickly out of sight.
 Harry supposed that meant yes.
 Harry supposed that the wind must have
caught him in mid- jump.
 Harry swallowed.
 Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking
his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air -- it zoomed around
their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to
pin it to the ground.
 Harry thought
this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the
platforms with a nasty grin on his face.
 Harry thought the blood seemed to be getting thicker.
 Harry told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with
it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh
became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Harry woke,
sweating and shaking.
 Harry told them everything:
Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort.
 Harry told them what he'd heard.
 Harry took
out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once.
 Harry tore it open at once.
 Harry tried hard not to listen to her.
 Harry tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal- posts
-- he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out -- and then he
realized that his broom was completely out of his control.
 Harry turned and saw the Dursleys drive away.
 Harry walked more quickly.
 Harry wandered over to the Restricted
Section.
 Harry wanted to watch Hagrid until
he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against
the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.
 Harry was
thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he'd opened the
letter in the hall.
 Harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in
this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped
it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor.
 Harry was now trying hard not to panic.
 Harry was remembering his trip to Diagon
Alley -how could he have been so stupid?
 Harry was speechless.
 Harry was used to
spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and
that was where he slept.
 Harry watched Hagrid
getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine,
finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry's
amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.
 Harry went
out into the corridor.
 Harry wished he would blink.
 Harry's broom had given a wild
jerk and Harry swung off it.
 Harry,
Ron, and Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view;
they were sure it wouldn't be allowed.
 Harry, Malfoy, and Fang stood
transfixed.
 Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly -- the towering
white chessmen had no faces.
 Harry, Ron, and
Hermione sat together next to a window.
 Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and
cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people
hugging him.
 Harry, are you all right?
 Harry, on the
other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school.
 Harry, who had expected more
marble, was surprised.
 He
heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over
Harry, charging at the figure.
 He
shouted at Harry for about half an hour and then told him to go and make
a cup of tea.
 He
strode out of sight; Harry didn't think Quirrell had even noticed him.
 He bent his
great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very
scratchy, whiskery kiss.
 He caught Harry's eye
and Harry knew at once that Snape's feelings toward him hadn't changed
one jot.
 He couldn't know that at this very
moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up
their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy
who lived!
 He glanced at Harry and then
looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadn't looked.
 He had already changed into his
billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Harry noticed a shiny silver badge
on his chest with the letter P on it.
 He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop
under his breath.
 He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out
of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry's blankets, and then came back to
the other two.
 He landed, sprawled next to Harry.
 He liked to
complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the
bank, and Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects.
 He looked carefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar
that stood out, livid, on Harry's forehead.
 He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild
eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch's
outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks
still ringing in his ears.
 He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as
though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out
of the window again.
 He sat down next to Harry,
took one look at him, and burst into tears.
 He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly
shook him awake.
 He tried to empty his mind
-- he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a
few hours -- but the expression on Snape's face when Harry had seen his
leg wasn't easy to forget.
 He turned right
around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet
with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!
 He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game
when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the
toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.
 He was looking at Harry with
a lot more interest than he'd shown back in Diagon Alley.
 He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to
see, didn't look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
 He was sure there were
lots of people called Potter who had a son called Harry.
 He'll be famous -- a
legend -- I wouldn't be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter day
in the future -- there will be books written about Harry -- every child
in our world will know his name!
 Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and
Ron, too.
 Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her
mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.
 Hermione was checking Harry and
Ron's Charms homework for them.
 Hermione, who had all her
fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was
circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.
 His aunt and uncle hadn't been able
to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle
Vernon had taken Harry aside.
 His heart hammered as he crept
across the dark hall toward the front door --

Harry leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on
the doormat -- something alive!
 His panic
fading now that there was no sound of Filch and Snape, Harry moved
nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection
again.
 Horror-struck, Harry waved madly
at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried
silently toward the door, away from Filch's voice.
 How often had
they complained how much Harry cost them to keep?
 I might get Agrippa -- thanks

Harry turned over his card and read:

ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS

Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is
particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in
1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his
work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel.
 I take
one step forward and she'll take me -- that leaves you free to checkmate
the king, Harry!
 I'm sorry," Hagrid
added in a whisper to Harry, "but he'll have a harder time frightenin'
you, an' we've gotta get this done.
 If Hagrid hadn't pointed it out,
Harry wouldn't have noticed it was there.
 If Harry hadn't known that the Dursleys had no sense of
humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything
Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn't help
trusting him.
 In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide-eyed as
Harry began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the forest.
 In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and
Hagrid could see it.
 In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the
package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and
they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy
protection.
 Inside was a
large, sticky chocolate cake with Happy Birthday Harry written on it in
green icing.
 It
wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry
remembered about Snape and the coming match.
 It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt
the warmth wash over him as though he'd sunk into a hot bath.
 It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly:

"I get that all the time.
 It got to its feet and came swiftly toward
Harry -- he couldn't move for fear.
 It only took Harry one trip
upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room.
 It said, in a very untidy
scrawl:


Dear Harry,

I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have
a cup of tea with me around three?
 It was
almost dark now, but Harry could see Quirrell, standing quite still as
though he was petrified.
 It was so dark on either side of them that Harry
thought there must be thick trees there.
 It was wrapped in thick brown paper and
scrawled across it was To Harry, from Hagrid.
 It wasn't bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they
watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley,
except that it wasn't blond.
 It wasn't exactly pretty; Harry thought
it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella.
 It winked and put the Stone back in its
pocket -- and as it did so, Harry felt something heavy drop into his
real pocket.
 Its mean little eyes saw
Harry.
 Like Harry, she felt they deserved what they'd got.
 Little did Harry
know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker
Curse.
 Madam
Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him) slipped a long robe over his
head, and began to pin it to the right length.
 Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry
looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars.
 Malfoy
only just got out of the way in time; Harry made a sharp about-face and
held the broom steady.
 Malfoy seized the
package from Harry and felt it.
 Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron
spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get
through all their extra work.
 Never
mess with goblins, Harry.
 Nevertheless, Harry, while you may only have delayed his
return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to
fight what seems a losing battle next time -- and if he is delayed
again, and again, why, he may never return to power.
 Neville
was snoring loudly, but Harry couldn't sleep.
 Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because
Harry couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by
his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there
was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
 No one knows why, or how,
but they're saying that when he couldn't kill Harry Potter, Voldemort's
power somehow broke -- and that's why he's gone.
 Norris, and Harry felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another
school rule today.
 Not only was Hagrid twice as
tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like
parking meters and saying loudly, "See that, Harry?
 Ollivander fixed Harry with his pale stare.
 Ollivander had come so close that he and Harry were almost nose to
nose.
 Ollivander moved closer to Harry.
 On Saturday, Harry would be playing in
his first match after weeks of training: Gryffindor versus Slytherin.
 On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast,
Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that
Hermione was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone.
 Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog
biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward
one of the doors leading off the hall.
 Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell
when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Neville's
voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the
ground.
 Poor,
blundering Neville -- Harry knew what it must have cost him to try and
find them in the dark, to warn them.
 Potatoes, Harry?
 Potions
lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so
horrible to Harry.
 Potter

Room 17

Railview Hotel

Cokeworth

Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out
of the way.
 Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"

With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the
hall, Harry right behind him.
 Privately, Harry felt she'd had
good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of
accidents even with both feet on the ground.
 Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and
Harry.
 Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice
Wands, and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his
life.
 Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off -- the
pain in Harry's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only
hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of, "KILL HIM!
 Quite apart from wanting to win, Harry found that he had fewer
nightmares when he was tired out after training.
 Right, we're changin' groups -- Neville, you stay with me an'
Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an' this idiot.
 Ron and Harry stood quite still, both thinking the
same thing -- did the cloak work on cats?
 Ron and Hermione were a
very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry
told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.
 Ron turned
the binoculars back on Harry.
 Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than
looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn't keep
his eyes off them.
 Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped
themselves tightly around Harry.
 Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and
set fire to it -- Harry had to put it out with his hat.
 See yeh soon,
Harry.
 She and Uncle
Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest,
most ragged blanket.
 She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her
eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little closer to the
glass.
 She let Harry watch
television and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though
she'd had it for several years.
 She was torn between horror at the idea of Harry being
out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row ("If Filch had
caught you!
 She wrenched open doors and marched
along corridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her.
 Should Harry wake him?
 Sir, I --"

"Harry, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out.
 Snape didn't dislike Harry -- he hated him.
 So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back
to taunting Harry about having no proper family.
 So what do we do, Harry?
 Some of them called:

"Bye, Harry!
 Tell them we don't
want --"

Harry could see Uncle Vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the
kitchen.
 That's what yeh get when a Powerful, evil curse touches
yeh -- took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house, even -- but it didn't
work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Harry.
 The
Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the
entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry
what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap
lemon ice pop.
 The Dursleys
ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one.
 The Dursleys had received a very angry letter
from Harry's headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school
buildings.
 The Weasleys
complained that Wood was becoming a fanatic, but Harry was on Wood's
side.
 The ghost patted his arm, giving Harry the sudden,
horrible feeling he'd just plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water.
 The goblin was about a head shorter than Harry.
 The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry
couldn't even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to
get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on purpose.
 The hat seemed to be asking rather alot;
Harry didn't feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment.
 The hooded
figure raised its head and looked right at Harry -- unicorn blood was
dribbling down its front.
 The lamp looked as if it was floating along
in midair, and even though Harry could feel his arm supporting it, the
sight gave him the creeps.
 The lighted dial of
Dudley's watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat
wrist, told Harry he'd be eleven in ten minutes' time.
 The only thing Harry
liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that
was shaped like a bolt of lightning.
 The passageway sloped downward, and
Harry was reminded of Gringotts.
 The people in the portraits kept going to visit
each other, and Harry was sure the coats of armor could walk.
 The rest of the team wouldn't speak
to Harry during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they
called him "the Seeker.
 The rest of them were all quite
happy to join in Dudley's favorite sport: Harry Hunting.
 The troll couldn't feel Harry hanging there,
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
nose, and Harry's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
 The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe
hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning
its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.
 The weirdest thing about all these
people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Harry tried to get a
closer look.
 The whole crowd was on
its feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull
Harry safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good -- every time
they got near him, the broom would jump higher still.
 Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled
words in languages Harry couldn't understand.
 Then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the
students, and Harry heard a familiar voice: "Firs' years!
 Then he
rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
 Then he'd realized that nobody found this funny,
because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay
on his bucking broomstick.
 Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they
returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry broke in
his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron.
 There are more important
things -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Harry -- be careful!
 There was a lot more to magic, as Harry quickly found out,
than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.
 They
reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle

children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.
 They ate in the zoo
restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker
glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him
another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.
 They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their
feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when
they came to a sudden halt.
 They didn't have as bad a time
as Harry, because they weren't as well-known, but nobody would speak to
them, either.
 They had almost reached
the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, "I
can't believe you're going to do this, Harry.
 They had tied for the house cup -- if
only Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point.
 They made
their way through the trees in silence for so long that Harry thought
Firenze didn't want to talk to him anymore.
 They showed Harry and Hermione the
harness they'd rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them.
 They walked straight past, and Harry
leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps
dying away.
 They went
rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to
try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and
pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.
 They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were
ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.
 They'll think I've told yeh
--"

"See you later, then," said Harry.
 This didn't worry Harry.
 This is Harry Potter an'
Hermione Granger, by the way.
 This reminded Harry of something.
 Three things
lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon's sister Marge, who was
vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a
bill, and -- a letter for Harry.
 True, Dudley was now so
scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia
and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do
anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.
 Try --"

Harry tried -- but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was
snatched back by Mr.
 Twenty-four letters to
Harry found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each
of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt
Petunia through the living room window.
 Two
hours later, Harry's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the
Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to
Harry, and they had set off.
 Uncle Vernon had been
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
sure that Harry didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do.
 Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the
ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact
that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind.
 Underneath the cloak, Harry turned to the other
two.
 Up
another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized
where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.
 Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to clamber back on
to his broom.
 Wednesday night found Hermione and Harry
sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to
bed.
 When he had found
his voice again, Harry said, "And the invisibility cloak - do you know
who sent it to me?
 When he turned
his back on them, Harry saw a curly pig's tail poking through a hole in
his trousers.
 When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put
down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn't help
cheering with the rest.
 Whenever Harry passed
Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron
had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.
 Where there
should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was a face, the most
terrible face Harry had ever seen.
 While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a
supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself
examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule,
glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).
 While Ron
told Hagrid all about Charlie's work with dragons, Harry picked up a
piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy.
 With
one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through
the door and up the next passageway.
 With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the
key, slam the door, and lock it.
 You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping
when he told us.
 but --

Harry suddenly jumped to his feet.
 but how in the
name of heaven did Harry survive?
 every odd
thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had
happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry.
 just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead
with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.
 put it from your mind for now, Harry.
 sir -- even if the Stone's
gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know- Who --"

"Call him Voldemort, Harry.
 this was what Harry had been really looking forward to.
 thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on
him?
 want to read it," said
Harry furiously, "as it's mine.
"


CHAPTER FIVE

DIAGON ALLEY

Harry woke early the next morning.
"

"A Nimbus Two Thousand, sit," said Harry, fighting not to laugh at the
look of horror on Malfoy's face.
"

"And it's really none of your business," said Harry.
"

"Blimey, Harry, I keep forgettin' how little yeh know -- not knowin'
about Quidditch!
"

"But Harry -- what if You-Know-Who's with him?
"

"Can't, Harry, sorry," said Hagrid.
"

"Do you mean," Harry croaked, "that was Vol-"

"Harry!
"

"Don't make me feel worse," said Harry.
"

"Don't," Harry advised her.
"

"Er -- okay," said Harry.
"

"Er -- well, I'm right-handed," said Harry.
"

"Get the mail, Harry.
"

"Go on, have a pasty," said Harry, who had never had anything to share
before or, indeed, anyone to share it with.
"

"Good question, Harry.
"

"Gulpin' gargoyles, Harry, people are still scared.
"

"Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever
met him, " said Harry.
"

"Hagrid," said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say
there are dragons at Gringotts?
"

"Harry -- you're a great wizard, you know.
"

"Harry Potter!
"

"Harry.
"

"He'll be all right," said Harry, trying to convince himself.
"

"He'll turn up," said Harry.
"

"He's just made that rule up," Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped
away.
"

"He's the gamekeeper," said Harry.
"

"I don't know," said Harry, realizing this for the first time.
"

"I have business here, Peeves," croaked Harry.
"

"I know what you're thinking about, Harry, that mirror.
"

"I think he's brilliant," said Harry coldly.
"

"I'm not as good as you," said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of
him.
"

"I'm not going to do anything," said Harry, "honestly.
"

"I'm serious, Harry, don't go.
"

"I've come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle.
"

"It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Harry.
"

"It was not a mistake," said Harry angrily, "it had my cupboard on it.
"

"Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said Hagrid, raising his
binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.
"

"Malfoy tricked you," Hermione said to Harry.
"

"NOF Harry and Hermione shouted.
"

"Never mind that now," said Harry breathlessly.
"

"No, Harry, he has not.
"

"No, it isn't," said Harry thoughtfully.
"

"No, thanks," said Harry.
"

"No," Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.
"

"No," said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.
"

"No," said Harry, startled by the odd question.
"

"Nothing," said Harry.
"

"Of course not," said Harry, eager to see more magic.
"

"Oh, good," said Harry.
"

"Oh, we're not working," Harry told him brightly.
"

"Quirrell said Snape --"

"Professor Snape, Harry.
"

"SO WHAP" Harry shouted.
"

"She might not have needed saving if we hadn't locked the thing in with
her," Harry reminded him.
"

"So why did he just try and kill Harry?
"

"Starving," said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.
"

"Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said Dumbledore,
and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.
"

"Swap you for one of these," said Harry, holding up a pasty.
"

"Thanks, Seamus," said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his
sausages.
"

"Thanks," said Harry, "I'll need something to look forward to.
"

"That's really nice of her," said Harry, trying the fudge, which was
very tasty.
"

"The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score,"
Harry recited.
"

"There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said
Harry, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy --"

"SHHHH!
"

"They're dead," said Harry shortly.
"

"This way," said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the
only way forward.
"

"Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the
goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team," Harry
reeled off.
"

"Three Chasers, one Keeper," said Harry, who was determined to remember
it all.
"

"Three Chasers," Harry repeated, as Wood took out a bright red ball
about the size of a soccer ball.
"

"We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.
"

"Well, Harry, you take the place of that bishop, and Hermione, YOU 90
next to him instead of that castle.
"

"Wish McGonagall favored us, " said Harry.
"

"Yes, please," said Ron, but Harry cut him off.
"

"Yes," said Harry.
"

"You can keep it," said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was.
"

"You don't understand," said Harry, "this is important.
"

"You drink first," said Harry.
"

"You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got
your little friends with you," said Harry coolly.
"

A few people laughed; Harry caught Seamus's eye, and Seamus winked.
"

All Harry could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him
from concentrating on the mirror.
"

An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the tree.
"

And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could,
they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.
"

And Harry knew it would be no good to argue.
"

And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go
of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms -- Harry could see
they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.
"

And Ron pulled Harry out of the room.
"

And he scooted off

"Brilliant, Harry!
"

As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little
hissing fires all over the hall.
"

As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.
"

As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of
them jump.
"

At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid's binoculars, but instead of
looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.
"

Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry aside.
"

Both Harry and Ron stood up.
"

But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in
front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.
"

But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, "That's you done, my
dear," and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy,
hopped down from the footstool.
"

Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill,
which gave Harry time to dry his eyes on the sheet.
"

Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house.
"

Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line
behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out
of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors
into the Great Hall.
"

Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his head bowed in case of
low-hanging branches, but did not answer Harry's question.
"

Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had
to grab his shoulders to stay on.
"

Fred and George Weasley now came into the hall, spotted Harry, and
hurried over.
"

From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as
though the teddy was having his head torn off.
"

Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him back to the
Dursleys, then handed him an envelope.
"

Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but
Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had
been a horrible mistake.
"

Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a
towering oak.
"

Hagrid wouldn't let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either ("It says
pewter on yer list"), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing
potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope.
"

Harry and Hermione didn't get a chance to answer.
"

Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, staring over their
shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.
"

Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watching Ron think.
"

Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.
"

Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn't new to them.
"

Harry bolted to the door and looked out.
"

Harry caught Neville's eye and tried to tell him without words that this
wasn't true, because Neville was looking stunned and hurt.
"

Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he
left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as she strode toward
the castle.
"

Harry clambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand.
"

Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next
to him.
"

Harry couldn't believe anyone could be so interfering.
"

Harry couldn't eat.
"

Harry couldn't speak, but Hagrid understood.
"

Harry couldn't take it in.
"

Harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out his leg
so Harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to it.
"

Harry didn't know what to say.
"

Harry didn't say anything.
"

Harry dodged the Smelting stick and went to get the mail.
"

Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding.
"

Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley.
"

Harry felt as if Devil's Snare was rooting him to the spot.
"

Harry felt as though his insides had turned to ice.
"

Harry felt himself go red.
"

Harry felt terrible.
"

Harry felt the blood drain out of his face.
"

Harry flushed.
"

Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his
knees weren't going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.
"

Harry followed Hagrid out onto the rock.
"

Harry glanced down at his broom.
"

Harry grabbed his broom.
"

Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought, Not Slytherin, not
Slytherin.
"

Harry groaned.
"

Harry had a sudden idea.
"

Harry had gone very white.
"

Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and
cheers from the crowd.
"

Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in
emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.
"

Harry handed the flute over.
"

Harry heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall.
"

Harry heard the little girl's voice.
"

Harry ignored her.
"

Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was.
"

Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did.
"

Harry leaned back quickly so they couldn't see him looking.
"

Harry leaned forward.
"

Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor.
"

Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door.
"

Harry looked at the tiny bottle.
"

Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone.
"

Harry looked into the fire.
"

Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost
sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained
with silver blood.
"

Harry nodded silently.
"

Harry nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was
something he'd forgotten to do, something important.
"

Harry nodded, but stopped quickly, because it made his head hurt.
"

Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor.
"

Harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter.
"

Harry pushed it open.
"

Harry sank down next to the bowl of peas.
"

Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the
Daily Prophet.
"

Harry screwed up his courage.
"

Harry seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue.
"

Harry shivered.
"

Harry shook his head and the boy sat down.
"

Harry shook his head.
"

Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed.
"

Harry slid off his back.
"

Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old
socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean.
"

Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed "SEIZE HIM!
"

Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and
gave him a small smile.
"

Harry stared at the back of Firenze's head, which was dappled silver in
the moonlight.
"

Harry stared.
"

Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn't
see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.
"

Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around the corner
ahead.
"

Harry stood up.
"

Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope,
addressed in emerald green to Mr.
"

Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn't give.
"

Harry suddenly realized that the tape measure, which was measuring
between his nostrils, was doing this on its own.
"

Harry suddenly turned to Ron.
"

Harry swallowed -- now what?
"

Harry swallowed.
"

Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasn't going to tell her
that.
"

Harry thought this was going a bit far.
"

Harry thought.
"

Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.
"

Harry told Hagrid about Snape's lesson.
"

Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr.
"

Harry took the wand.
"

Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but --

"POTTER!
"

Harry tried to understand this but it made his head pound, so he
stopped.
"

Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak
fiercely at him and carried on savaging the coat.
"

Harry tried.
"

Harry turned around -- and saw, quite clearly, what.
"

Harry turned this news over in his mind.
"

Harry turned to Hermione.
"

Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn't noticed the night
before, and read:

HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY

UNIFORM

First-year students will require:

1.
"

Harry unwrapped his Chocolate Frog and picked up the card.
"

Harry walked round and round his new room.
"

Harry walked toward him.
"

Harry was going to ask Ron if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he
fell asleep almost at once.
"

Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the
same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of
his hand by Uncle Vernon.
"

Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn't have anything to do
with work, though.
"

Harry was rubbing his forehead.
"

Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.
"

Harry was turning over the wizard coins and looking at them.
"

Harry was wondering what a wizard did once he'd finished school.
"

Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn't look at him again.
"

Harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question.
"

Harry wished he had about eight more eyes.
"

Harry woke at five o'clock the next morning and was too excited and
nervous to go back to sleep.
"

Harry woke with a start.
"

Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose.
"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn't speak to each other at all until they
came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy
after the grounds.
"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell
him.
"

Harry, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron's ears
went pink again and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches.
"

Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his
attention and pointed at himself.
"

Harry.
"

He cast a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrows.
"

He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off.
"

He handed Harry a small club, a bit like a short baseball bat.
"

He held out his hand to shake Harry's, but Harry didn't take it.
"

He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his
hand, tears in his eyes.
"

He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted
anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the
giant.
"

He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few
minutes later, he and Harry were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf
balls as hard as he could in every direction for Harry to catch.
"

He showed Harry two identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than
the red Quaffle.
"

He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Harry.
"

He turned and cantered back into the depths of the forest, leaving Harry
shivering behind him.
"

He turned back to Harry.
"

He was looking over at Harry as he spoke.
"

Hermione buried her face in her arms; Harry strongly suspected she had
burst into tears.
"

Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was
glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
"

Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without
her leaving her seat, but Harry didn't have the faintest idea what a
bezoar was.
"

Hermione's lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her
arms around him.
"

I don't think so," said Harry, I think it's just been knocked out.
"

In a low whisper, Harry told them what he'd seen.
"

It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking
furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station
full of ordinary people.
"

It was as Harry dodged another Bludger, which went spinning dangerously
past his head, that it happened.
"

It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Harry that Dumbledore
might not have been quite truthful.
"

Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice
three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Harry could hardly
believe it when he realized that he'd already been at Hogwarts two
months.
"

Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.
"

Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew:
Quirrell couldn't touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible
pain -- his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough
pain to stop him from doing a curse.
"

Quirrell rounded on Harry.
"

Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry
streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and
with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one
hand.
"

Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.
"

Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into
the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.
"

Ron's nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety
about Harry.
"

She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and Ron read: The ancient
study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer's Stone, a
legendary substance with astonishing powers.
"

Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look.
"

So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang.
"

Sometimes, Harry noticed, the hat shouted out the house at once, but at
others it took a little while to decide.
"

Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other
two about Snape's sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.
"

Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the stands.
"

That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd
never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
"

The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn't
there -- or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't
understand them, like a slug.
"

The Harry Potter?
"

The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on:
This specimen was bred in the zoo.
"

The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the
hall full of people craning to get a good look at him.
"

The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron's eyes, but Hermione
answered before Harry could.
"

The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down
different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still
discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one.
"

The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their
teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told
Hagrid all about their first -lessons.
"

The two boys gawked at him, and Harry felt himself turning red.
"

They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, trying to
imagine him flying.
"

They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and
Dudley were still in the room.
"

This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked
him behind their cauldron.
"

Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.
"

Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before
starting on Harry.
"

What Harry feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror
room again.
"

When Angelina had scored, Harry had done a couple of loop-the-loops to
let off his feelings.
"

When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.
"

Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for
not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch.
"

Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next
day.
"

Wishing he'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Harry left
the library.
"

With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the train.
"

Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes
when he said that.
"
and the next second, Harry felt Quirrell's hand close on his wrist.
" "Mmm," said Harry, wishing
he could say something a bit more interesting.
" Dudley asked Harry in
amazement.
" Dudley had laughed himself silly
at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day,
where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.
" Hagrid ran his fingers through his
hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.
" Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the
crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.
" Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.
" Harry
asked.
" Harry added.
" Harry and Ron went back to
the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's on Snape's
tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came
in.
" Harry asked Ron as he poured sugar on his
porridge.
" Harry asked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs.
" Harry asked as they climbed the stairs.
" Harry asked the other two, his hand on the door handle.
" Harry asked urgently.
" Harry asked, before he could stop
himself.
" Harry asked, hoping he
sounded offhand.
" Harry asked, looking around for another boat.
" Harry asked, try ing
to keep his voice calm.
" Harry asked, trying to keep things
friendly.
" Harry asked.
" Harry bellowed, and Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped
crying.
" Harry called, not taking his eyes off the
key with the damaged wing.
" Harry choked.
" Harry clapped a hand to his head.
" Harry forced himself to keep looking straight into those
cold eyes.
" Harry gasped -- they would lose the lead, the lead he'd won in
the last Quidditch match.
" Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it
curled around his chest.
" Harry gasped.
" Harry hissed.
" Harry lay
there, lost for words.
" Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to
creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.
" Harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the
tallest tower.
" Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he
threw it as hard as he could against the wall.
" Harry said suddenly.
" Harry said.
" Harry sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff
he'd seen earlier.
" Harry shook hands again and again --
Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.
" Harry shouted suddenly.
" Harry suggested.
" Harry whispered.
" Harry wondered aloud.
" Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward
the door, but she couldn't move, she was still flat against the wall,
her mouth open with terror.
" Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not
looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead,
without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped
through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled
along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was
miles from the trophy room.
" Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick
and taken off.
" He did still look a bit sick, so Harry entered Madam
Malkin's shop alone, feeling nervous.
" He measured Harry from shoulder to
finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round
his head.
" He shot Harry a nasty
grin through the gap in his mother's arms.
" Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit
with Harry and Ron.
" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
" On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward to the next
day for the food and the fun, but not expecting any presents at all.
" Ron
grinned at Harry.
" Ron asked as Harry joined them.
" Ron muttered to Harry through the hangings.
" Ron whispered to Harry.
" She eyed his cloak suddenly as though she
thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it.
" and other voices, maybe in Harry's own head, crying, "Harry!
" asked Harry, who found Ron just as
interesting as Ron found him.
" asked Harry.
" gasped Harry.
" he added to Harry.
" he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Harry.
" hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.
" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the
scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the
kitchen door behind them.
" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he'd
planned this.
" said Harry and Ron.
" said Harry anxiously, and at last
Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.
" said Harry anxiously.
" said Harry blankly.
" said Harry eagerly.
" said Harry frantically.
" said Harry loudly.
" said Harry miserably.
" said Harry sharply.
" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved,
is there?
" said Harry, "that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday!
" said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle's top hat fell off
in his excitement.
" said Harry, feeling dazed.
" said Harry, hurrying to let her in.
" said Harry, interested.
" said Harry, pointing at his scar.
" said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and
remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard.
" said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
through the door.
" said Harry, trying to snatch it back.
" said Harry.
" said Hermione suddenly, "Harry --"

"What?
" said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished.
" said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the
grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.
" said the centaur, pulling Harry to his feet.
" she said kindly, and Harry nodded.
" she said, when Harry started to speak.
" shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the back.
" shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged,
knocking Harry clean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands
around Harry's neck -- Harry's scar was almost blinding him with pain,
yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone


CHAPTER ONE

THE BOY WHO LIVED

Mr.

said 736



"Good Lord," said the bartender, peering at Harry, "is this -- can this
be --?


"'Course," said Hagrid.


"--and he said people from Muggle families shouldn't even be allowed
in.


"0' course I cant, he said.


"A Muggle," said Hagrid, "it's what we call nonmagic folk like thern.


"A wizard, o' course," said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which
groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once
yeh've been trained up a bit.


"Abou' time," he said.


"About once every ten years," said Griphook with a rather nasty grin.


"Ah yes," said the man.


"Ah, Yes," he said softly, "Harry Potter.


"Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," said Hagrid.


"Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes.


"Ah," said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er.


"Ahem," said Dumbledore.


"All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said Hagrid.


"Always the innocent are the first victims," he said.


"And women," said Chaser Angelina Johnson.


"And you're not sitting with the prefects today, either," said

George.


"Anyway -- Harry," said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, "a
very happy birthday to yeh.


"Bad news, Vernon," she said.


"Be grateful if yeh didn't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts," he
said.


"Because he's a prefect," said their mother fondly.


"Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin," said Hagrid darkly.


"Better you than me," they said together, but Harry had an idea that
Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.


"Bin watchin' from me hut," said Hagrid, patting a large pair of
binoculars around his neck, "But it isn't the same as bein' in the
crowd.


"Blimey," said the other twin.


"Brilliant," said Hermione.


"Budge up, yeh great lump," said the stranger.


"But it's against our laws," said Ron.


"But we're not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if
you know what's good for you," said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this
afternoon.


"But yeh must know about yet mom and dad," he said.


"Bye," said Harry and Ron.


"Call me Hagrid," he said, "everyone does.


"Can't have," Hagrid said, his voice shaking.


"Can't stay long, Mother," he said.


"Can't tell yeh that," said Hagrid mysteriously.


"Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing
something for Gringotts," said Ron.


"Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to me on the way
back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said Hagrid.


"Come on," he said to Ron.


"Crabbe," he said.


"Do something," he said desperately.


"Don' mention it," said Hagrid gruffly.


"Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Ron.


"Don't know why he's so bothered," said Ron.


"Don't play," said Hermione at once.


"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Harry sat down next to
him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Harry's face.


"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up the grassy
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?


"Double Potions with the Slytherins," said Ron.


"Dumbledore again," he said, "He was the first one I ever-"

He gasped.


"Er -- Yes, I think so," said Ron.


"Er -- no," said Harry.


"Er -- yes, they did, yes," said Hagrid, shuffling his feet.


"Every year she makes us a sweater," said Ron, unwrapping his own, "and
mine's always maroon.


"Everyone pick their favorite tune," said Dumbledore, "and off we go!


"Everyone thinks I'm special," he said at last.


"Excuse me," Harry said to the plump woman.


"Fifty points each," said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily
through her long, pointed nose.


"Fine," said Neville, showing them.


"Follow me, you two," said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up
the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.


"Follow me," said Filch, lighting a lamp and leading them outside.


"Fred, you next," the plump woman said.


"Get out of the way," he said.


"Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.


"Give him five Knuts," said Hagrid sleepily.


"Give that here, Malfoy," said Harry quietly.


"Good afternoon, Harry," said Dumbledore.


"Good afternoon," he said smoothly.


"Good afternoon," said a soft voice.


"Good evening to you, Hagrid," said Ronan.


"Good evening," said Ronan.


"Good luck, Harry Potter," said Firenze.


"Good," said Hagrid.


"Good-bye," said Ron.


"Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I could if it
was me," said Hermione.


"Got it," said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.


"Got it," she said.


"Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves," he said.


"Gringotts," said Hagrid.


"Gryffindor," said Ron.


"Had to let that happen," said Ron, looking shaken.


"Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," she said.


"Hagrid," he said quietly, "I think you must have made a mistake.


"Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved.


"Hagrid," said Harry loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going to
be as long as your house.


"Hagrid," said Hermione, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow,
exactly?


"Hang on," he said.


"Harry Potter," said Harry.


"Harry's is better than ours, though," said Fred, holding up Harry's
sweater.


"Harry, you need your strength," said Seamus Finnigan.


"Harry," said the other twin, "did we introduce ourselves?


"Have a good term," said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile.


"He is with me wherever I go," said Quirrell quietly.


"He might have died and you wouldn't know the difference," said Ron in
disgust.


"He was provoked, Professor Snape," said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy
face out from behind the tree.


"He's doing something -- jinxing the broom," said Hermione.


"He's got lots o' rats an' some brandy fer the journey," said Hagrid in
a muffled voice.


"He's heading for the third floor," Harry said, but Ron held up his
hand.


"He's just the build for a Seeker, too," said Wood, now walking around
Harry and staring at him.


"He's not going," he said.


"Hello, dear," she said.


"Hello," said Harry awkwardly.


"Hello," said the boy, "Hogwarts, too?


"Help yourself," said Harry.


"Here I come," he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.


"Hmmm," said Mr.


"Hullo, Bane," said Hagrid.


"Hullo," he said, smiling.


"I always said he was off his rocker," said Ron, looking quite impressed
at how crazy his hero was.


"I can't," said Harry.


"I do feel so sorry," said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, "for all
those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they're
not wanted at home.


"I don't know how the Muggles manage without magic," he said as they
climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined
with shops.


"I don't know, sit," said Harry.


"I don't know," said Harry quietly.


"I heard you went to live with Muggles," said Ron.


"I know some things," he said.


"I know you haven 't, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half
exasperated, half admiring.


"I never expected this," he said, in a low, worried voice.


"I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall.


"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore,
nodding to her.


"I start training next week," said Harry.


"I suppose we could take him to the zoo," said Aunt Petunia slowly, ".


"I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks," he said
coolly.


"I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor
McGonagall.


"I think," said Ron, "we're going to have to be chessmen.


"I want to read that letter," he said loudly.


"I won't blow up the house," said Harry, but they weren't listening.


"I'd be careful if I were you, Potter," he said slowly.


"I'd give anything for one of these," he said.


"I'd like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him," he said.


"I'd like to see your mom and dad," Ron said eagerly.


"I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Malfoy.


"I'll get him," said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of
these days, I'll get him --"

"I hate them both," said Harry, "Malfoy and Snape.


"I'll show you now," said Wood.


"I'll take them," said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following
her from the dining room.


"I'll use the invisibility cloak," said Harry.


"I'm coming with you," she said.


"I'm disgusted," said Professor McGonagall.


"I'm fine," said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying.


"I'm freezing," said Ron.


"I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," Wood said.


"I'm half-and-half," said Seamus.


"I'm not Fred, I'm George," said the boy.


"I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Harry was pleased to hear
the note of panic in his voice.


"I'm not ill," said Harry.


"I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor
McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless.


"I'm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it," he said softly.


"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up
close to Harry's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny business,
anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until
Christmas.


"I've already got us some rations," said Uncle Vernon, "so all aboard!


"I've decided to call him Norbert," said Hagrid, looking at the dragon
with misty eyes.


"I've heard of his family," said Ron darkly.


"I've heard of those," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of
Every Flavor Beans he'd gotten from Hermione.


"I've just thought of something," said Harry.


"I've never asked," said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.


"If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they'd be sucked through
the door and trapped in there," said Griphook.


"If we just do a bit of poking around --"

"No," said Harry flatly, "we've done enough poking around.


"If yeh know where to go," said Hagrid.


"If you want to go back, I won't blame you," he said.


"In a manner of speaking," said Uncle Vernon.


"In the car crash when your parents died," she had said.


"It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Hermione, but this
didn't soothe Ron at all.


"It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.


"It's an invisibility cloak," said Ron, a look of awe on his face.


"It's not any old broomstick," he said, "it's a Nimbus Two Thousand.


"It's not my fault," said Wood.


"It's sort of secret," he said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because
Professor McGonagall's nostrils flared.


"It's the full Body-Bind," said Hermione miserably.


"It's tonight," said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was
out of earshot.


"Jus' lookin'," he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at
once.


"Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Ron, and they left
Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.


"Just looking," he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind
him.


"Just one," said Hermione.


"Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch," Wood had
said.


"Las' time I saw you, you was only a baby," said the giant.


"Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said Snape.


"Like I said, Yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it," said Hagrid.


"Like this," he said irritably.


"Look there," said Hagrid, "see that stuff shinin' on the ground?


"Look," said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's
about the Sorcerer's tone --"

Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that.


"Looks like a harp," said Ron.


"Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said Ron.


"Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione," said Harry as he
joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.


"Make yerselves at home," said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded
straight at Ron and started licking his ears.


"Malfoy," said Neville shakily.


"Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,"
said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them.


"Me," he said calmly.


"Merry Christmas," said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and
pulled on his bathrobe.


"Might as well get yer uniform," said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam
Malkin's Robes for All Occasions.


"Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this," said
Professor McGonagall.


"Morning," said Hagrid to a free goblin.


"Must be," said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore.


"My father's next door buying my books and mother's up the street
looking at wands," said the boy.


"Nearly," said Harry.


"Never," said Hagrid irritably, "try an' get a straight answer out of a
centaur.


"Neville," she said, "I'm really, really sorry about this.


"No -- he wouldn't, she said.


"No, no, no," said Hermione.


"No, we don't mind," he said.


"No," he said finally.


"No," said Harry.


"No," said Ron.


"No," she said sharply.


"Not fast enough," said Hagrid.


"Not to worry," she said.


"Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Harry.


"Nothing, Neville, nothing," said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak
behind his back.


"Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you," she said, once they were all
gathered around her.


"Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly.


"Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," said
Madam Hooch.


"Of course there are," said Ron.


"Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George's jokes," said
Ron.


"Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," she said impatiently.


"Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried
--"

"The whole school's talking about it," said Ron.


"Oh, I will," said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was
spreading over his face.


"Oh, him," said Harry.


"Oh, it's you, Ronan," said Hagrid in relief.


"Oh, no, sit," said Hagrid quickly.


"Oh, no," said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.


"Oh, sorry," said the other,.


"Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly,
noticing where Harry was looking.


"Oh," he said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet.


"Okay, men," he said.


"One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore.


"Out of the way, you," he said, punching Harry in the ribs.


"Peeves," he said, in a hoarse whisper, "the Bloody Baron has his own
reasons for being invisible.


"Pig snout," they said and entered.


"Potter's been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Malfoy quickly.


"Probably," said Harry.


"Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," she said coldly.


"Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow," she said finally.


"Really break your leg," said Ron.


"Right then," said Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous
what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want no one takin' risks.


"Right," said Wood.


"Say that again," Ron said, his face as red as his hair.


"Say you're ill," said Ron.


"Seems a shame ter row, though," said Hagrid, giving Harry another of
his sideways looks.


"Shouldn'ta lost me temper," he said ruefully, "but it didn't work
anyway.


"Shut up," said Ron.


"Snape's," said Harry.


"So that's where You-Know-Who

"Yes," said Harry, "but I can't remember it.


"So," said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with
Harry, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of
the Mirror of Erised.


"Sometimes," he said, "I find it hard to follow my master's instructions
-- he is a great wizard and I am weak --"

"You mean he was there in the classroom with you?


"Sorry," Harry said quickly.


"Sorry," he said, "but have you seen a toad at all?


"Sorry," he said.


"Sorry," said Harry, "but what's curious?


"Spells -- enchantments," said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he
spoke.


"Stand back," said Griphook importantly.


"Thanks," said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.


"That Quidditch cup'll have our name on it this year," said Wood happily
as they trudged back up to the castle.


"That does it," said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling
great tufts out of his mustache at the same time.


"That does look good," said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching Harry
cut up his steak,

"Can't you --?


"That was far easier than I thought it would be," said Hermione as they
joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds.


"That wasn' no werewolf an' it wasn' no unicorn, neither," said Hagrid
grimly.


"That will do," he said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on
the floor.


"That's Hagrid," said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn't.


"That's a broomstick," he said, throwing it back to Harry with a mixture
of jealousy and spite on his face.


"That's better," said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on
the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.


"That's friendly," said Harry.


"That's your problem," said Ron.


"The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid.


"The one we've all been waiting for," said George.


"There are all kinds of courage," said Dumbledore, smiling.


"There's nothin' that lives in the forest that'll hurt yeh if yer with
me or Fang," said Hagrid.


"There's only enough there for one of us," he said.


"Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father.


"This ball's called the Quaffle," said Wood.


"This is it," said Hagrid, coming to a halt, "the Leaky Cauldron.


"This needs thinking about 	he said.


"This," said Wood, "is the Golden Snitch, and it's the most important
ball of the lot.


"Tokens from your friends and admirers," said Dumbledore, beaming.


"Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you
will learn at Hogwarts," she said.


"Typical," said Harry darkly.


"Unless you get out now," said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because
Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.


"Very good," said Wood.


"Very nice," said Wood, his eyes glinting.


"Very well," he said, handing it back to Hagrid, "I will have Someone
take you down to both vaults.


"Very," said Harry.


"We must be miles under the school , she said.


"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely,
Harry and Ron thought.


"We won't practice with the Snitch yet," said Wood, carefully shutting
it back inside the crate, "it's too dark, we might lose it.


"We're coming," said Hermione.


"We've already told him we haven't seen it," said Ron, but the girl
wasn't listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.


"We've got the invisibility cloak," said Harry.


"We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Harry.


"We've heard," said Hagrid grumpily.


"Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall.


"Welcome," he said.


"Welcome," said Hagrid, "to Diagon Alley.


"Well done, Ron, excellent," said Percy Weasley Pompously across Harry
as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin.


"Well done," said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear.


"Well done," said George in a low voice.


"Well, I got back all right," said Hermione.


"Well, I'll see you at Hogwarts, I suppose," said the drawling boy.


"Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said Hagrid, pulling a large book
from under his pillow.


"Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said Neville, "but the
family thought I was all- Muggle for ages.


"Well, there you are," Harry said quietly, "Snape's already got past
Fluffy.


"Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that.


"Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in it," said Ron.


"When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to
be sorted," she said.


"White always plays first in chess," said Ron, peering across the board.


"Yeah, you'll be needin' one," said Hagrid, "but we gotta get yer money
first.


"Yeah," said Ron, "and lucky Harry doesn't lose his head in a crisis --
'there's no wood,' honestly.


"Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts," said Hagrid fiercely.


"Yer ticket fer Hogwarts, " he said.


"Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said Dumbledore.


"Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good.


"Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.


"Yes," said Dumbledore.


"Yes," said Harry.


"Yes," said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the
back.


"Yes," said the boy miserably.


"You are the Potter boy," he said.


"You can kip under that," he said.


"You can't go out," said Neville, "you'll be caught again.


"You could have woken me up," said Ron, crossly.


"You don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself," said Ron
reasonably.


"You drink that," said Harry.


"You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit lighter,"
said Harry, trying to take Ron's mind off houses.


"You must come and stay this summer," said Ron, "both of you -- I'll
send you an owl.


"You said You-Know-Who's name!


"You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said
Ron, when Harry told him about these drearns.


"You shouldn't be inside on a day like this," he said, with an odd,
twisted smile.


"You want to be more careful," said Snape.


"You want to watch out for Peeves," said Percy, as they set off again.


"You'll understand later, Neville," said Ron as they stepped over him
and pulled on the invisibility cloak.


"You're going out again," he said.


"You're losing it, too," said Ron.


"You're right Harry," said Hermione in a small voice.


"You're worth twelve of Malfoy," Harry said.


"You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT" she said firmly.


"You, too," said Harry.


"Your father would have been proud," she said.


"Your new school uniform," she said.


And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed,
Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were
handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the
holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Fred
Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats
that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express;
talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier;
eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns;
pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling
into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.


Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the
corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said,
"Anything off the cart, dears?


As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said
gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.


As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low,
hissing voice said, "Brazil, here I come.


At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common
room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville.


Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly,
"And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today.


Harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said:


DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE.


Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said,
"Wingardium Leviosa!


Hmm," said a small voice in his ear.


I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Harry, remembering suddenly.


I know they don't," said Harry.


I think he's been knocked out," Ron said to Harry.


I won't let you do it," he said, hurrying to stand in front of the
portrait hole.


It was a while before any of them said anything.


Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not
daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville.


She said all this very fast.

"Flew," said Hagrid.

"Or both," said Harry.

Cauldrons -- All Sizes - Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver -- Self-Stirring
-- Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them.
 "After what McGonagall and Snape have said?
 "Are you

"He is," said the first twin.
 "But first years never -- you must be the youngest
house player in about a century, said Harry, shoveling pie into his
mouth.
 "Caput Draconis," said Percy, and the portrait
swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall.
 "Cheer up,"
said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George.
 "Forget I said it!
 "Go on --"

"You don't want this, it's all dry," said Ron.
 "I brought Ron round --
that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact
Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he
just said, 'Harry's gone after him, hasn't he?
 "I think we'll be able to pull the
door open," said Ron, peering over the dog's back.
 "I was
trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
catch you, he said you had a drag --"

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
McGonagall had seen.
 "I'd have thought you, of all people --"

"I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name," said Harry, I
just never knew you shouldn't.
 "I'm sure Firenze thought he was
acting for the best, " he said in his gloomy voice.
 "If Quirrell's told him how to break
his Anti-Dark Force spell --"

"There's still Fluffy, though," said Hermione.
 "It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said Ron.
 "It's no wonder no
one can stand her," he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the
crowded corridor, "she's a nightmare, honestly.
 "Mars is
bright tonight," he said simply.
 "Never mind," said Harry
quickly.
 "Once --"

"Or twice --"

"A minute --"

"All summer --"

"Oh, shut up," said Percy the Prefect.
 "Snape came out and asked me what I was
doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him,
and I've only just got away, I don't know where Snape went.
 "You should have said something, we had no idea.
 A sign
overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven O'clock.
 And saying the magic
words properly is very important, too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio,
who said 's' instead of 'f' and found himself on the floor with a
buffalo on his chest.
 As he measured, he said, "Every Ollivander wand has a core of
a powerful magical substance, Mr.
 As soon as he found his voice he said, "Blown
up?
 At last, he said, "The forest
hides many secrets.
 Aunt Petunia burst
into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he
looked so handsome and grown-up.
 Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley
looked like a baby angel -- Harry often said that Dudley looked like a
pig in a wig.
 Baron, Sir," he said greasily.
 Charlie, he said.
 Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o'
duffers, but --"

"I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Harry gloomily.
 Finally he said
slowly, "So I'll have thirty .
 Finally he said,
"Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at
chess --"

"We're not offended," said Harry quickly.
 Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said,
"I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are.
 Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he
was joking.
 Getting
desperate, Harry asked for the train that left at eleven o'clock, but
the guard said there wasn't one.
 Harry said nothing.
 He asked if he knew how to get past
Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon
there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of
enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts
spell that Snape needs to break through --"

"So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to
Snape?
 He meant to say thank you, but the words
got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, "Who are
you?
 He pulled one of them apart and said, "She always
forgets I don't like corned beef.
 He said
he'd been looking for someone to practice that on.
 He seemed to think he'd said too much, because he
went back to staring out of the window.
 His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said
was to ward off a vampire he'd met in Romania and was afraid would be
coming back to get him one of these days.
 His relief must have showed in his -face, because
Filch said, "I suppose you think you'll be enjoying yourself with that
oaf?
 Instead he said, as casually as he could, "Their son --
he'd be about Dudley's age now, wouldn't he?
 It
wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry
remembered about Snape and the coming match.
 It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly:

"I get that all the time.
 It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because
he put it back in his pocket and said, "Hagrid's late.
 It said Potter for President, and
Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion
underneath.
 It said, in a very untidy
scrawl:


Dear Harry,

I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have
a cup of tea with me around three?
 It was a
shame, but as Ron said, you couldn't have everything in life.
 It was now
reading the sign that said Privet Drive -- no, looking at the sign; cats
couldn't read maps or signs.
 Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, Nearly
Headless Nick flipped his head back onto his neck, coughed, and said,
"So -- new Gryffindors!
 Neville's lost one," she said.
 Nobody said a thing while the giant was
working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt
sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little.
 On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in
a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir,
for nothing could upset me today!
 Over the noise,
Snape said, "And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your
cheek, Potter.
 Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell
when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Neville's
voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the
ground.
 Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a
sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning you -- one more
word.
 Said
they'd been bewitched.
 Sir,
quick --"

"Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said
Dumbledore.
 Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a
uniform of scarlet and gold, was -

"Yeah, that's a goblin," said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white
stone steps toward him.
 Then
he said, "Sir, there are some other things I'd like to know, if you can
tell me.
 Then he
choked and said, "Alas!
 Then he looked up at Ron and said, "If anything happens to
me, don't follow.
 Then he said slowly, "It shows us what we want.
 Then, none of them looking
at each other, they all said "Thanks," and hurried off to get plates.
 They'll think I've told yeh
--"

"See you later, then," said Harry.
 They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"

"No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn't
think this was the moment for lemon drops.
 Uncle Vernon said
sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley.
 Use it well, the note
had said.
 Voldemort said that he only killed my mother because she tried
to stop him from killing me.
 What had Hagrid said?
 What if he just
sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
 When he had found
his voice again, Harry said, "And the invisibility cloak - do you know
who sent it to me?
 When he tried to
explain this, Hermione said, "That's just the exams.
 When they had left the shop, he said, "Hagrid, what's Quidditch?
 With an unpleasant jolt of the heart,
he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards'
bank.
 Yer very quiet," said Hagrid.
 an' I said what I'd always really wanted was a dragon.
 it was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle Vernon shortly.
 roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums," he said, as a
motorcycle overtook them.
 they can't be here just for decoration," said Hermione.
 want to read it," said
Harry furiously, "as it's mine.
 yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an' we could play
cards fer it if I wanted.
"

"A Nimbus Two Thousand, sit," said Harry, fighting not to laugh at the
look of horror on Malfoy's face.
"

"Absolutely," said Professor McGonagall crisply.
"

"Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune," said the giant; he reached over
the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon's hands, bent
it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it
into a corner of the room.
"

"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving
very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Hermione in a
sniffy voice.
"

"All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face.
"

"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid
importantly, throwing out his chest.
"

"And it's really none of your business," said Harry.
"

"And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that Study of Recent
Developments in Wizardry," said Ron.
"

"And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said Ron.
"

"B-b-but Severus, I --"

"You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said Snape, taking a step
toward him.
"

"Barking," said Uncle Vernon, "howling mad, the lot of them.
"

"Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid," said
Snape silkily.
"

"Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sit," said the giant, climbing
carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke.
"

"But Professor --"

"Potter, I know what I'm talking about," she said shortly.
"

"Can't be too careful, Ronan," said Hagrid, patting his crossbow.
"

"Can't, Harry, sorry," said Hagrid.
"

"Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great
hand on Harry's shoulder and making Harry's knees buckle.
"

"Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said Hagrid.
"

"Don't be stupid," said Ron.
"

"Don't make me feel worse," said Harry.
"

"Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle Vernon.
"

"Don't worry about that," said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his
head.
"

"Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting him," said Ron bitterly.
"

"Dunno," said Hagrid casually, "he wouldn' take his cloak off.
"

"Er -- okay," said Harry.
"

"Er -- well, I'm right-handed," said Harry.
"

"Erm --"

"A bit," said Hermione timidly.
"

"Exactly," said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his
half-moon glasses.
"

"Five," said Ron.
"

"Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me," said Hagrid, clapping a hand to
his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet
another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl -- a real, live,
rather ruffled-looking owl -- a long quill, and a roll of parchment.
"

"Go on, have a pasty," said Harry, who had never had anything to share
before or, indeed, anyone to share it with.
"

"Good idea," said Ron nervously.
"

"Got it here somewhere," said Hagrid, and he started emptying his
pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits
over the goblin's book of numbers.
"

"Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever
met him, " said Harry.
"

"Hagrid," said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say
there are dragons at Gringotts?
"

"Hang on, I think I remember him saying something about it," said the
other twin.
"

"He'll be all right," said Harry, trying to convince himself.
"

"He'll turn up," said Harry.
"

"He's the gamekeeper," said Harry.
"

"Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Hermione, looking
uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so
unpleasant.
"

"I -- don't -- want said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater
over his head, knocking his glasses askew.
"

"I can't," said Hagrid.
"

"I don't know," said Harry, realizing this for the first time.
"

"I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said Dumbledore gently.
"

"I know that," said Professor McGonagall irritably.
"

"I shouldn't be too friendly to them, Hagrid," said Filch coldly,
they're here to be punished, after all.
"

"I suppose so," said Mrs.
"

"I tell you, we're going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,"
said Fred.
"

"I think I know who that one's from," said Ron, turning a bit pink and
pointing to a very lumpy parcel.
"

"I think he's brilliant," said Harry coldly.
"

"I want Fang," said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang's long teeth.
"

"I will, sir, I most certainly will," said Peeves, rising up in the air
again.
"

"I'll be back at dawn," said Filch, "for what's left of them," he added
nastily, and he turned and started back toward the castle, his lamp
bobbing away in the darkness.
"

"I'm going to be a knight," said Ron.
"

"I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron, who'd had enough of
working.
"

"I'm not as good as you," said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of
him.
"

"I'm not going to do anything," said Harry, "honestly.
"

"I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the
Muggle world except in very special circumstances," said Hagrid.
"

"I'm sayin' nothin, said Hagrid flatly.
"

"It certainly seems so," said Dumbledore.
"

"It must wake up the moment you stop playing," said Harry.
"

"It was not a mistake," said Harry angrily, "it had my cupboard on it.
"

"It was, sir, yes," said Hagrid.
"

"It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said Hagrid
loudly.
"

"It's obvious," said Ron.
"

"It's the best place for him," said Dumbledore firmly.
"

"Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field," said Hermione.
"

"Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said Hagrid, raising his
binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.
"

"Load of old tosh," said Uncle Vernon.
"

"Malfoy tricked you," Hermione said to Harry.
"

"Mighta come up," said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember.
"

"Move along now," said a sharp voice.
"

"Never mind that now," said Harry breathlessly.
"

"No, it isn't," said Harry thoughtfully.
"

"No, thanks," said Harry.
"

"No," Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch could be.
"

"No," said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.
"

"No," said Harry, startled by the odd question.
"

"Nope," said Ron.
"

"Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly.
"

"Not if I can help it," said Hermione grimly.
"

"Nothing," said Harry.
"

"Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around.
"

"Of course not," said Harry, eager to see more magic.
"

"Of course not," said Hermione briskly.
"

"Of course," said Quirrell coolly.
"

"Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor
Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was
trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
"

"Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said Snape, his voice icy.
"

"Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know,
you know everything that goes on round here," said Hermione in a warm,
flattering voice.
"

"Oh, good," said Harry.
"

"Oh, he does," said Quirrell casually, "heavens, yes.
"

"Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not
like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the
piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
"

"Oh, very well," she said.
"

"Oh, yes," said Mr.
"

"Oh," said the boy, "I've heard of him.
"

"One speed only," said Griphook.
"

"Only joking, I am Fred," said the boy, and off he went.
"

"Positive," said Hermione.
"

"Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said
stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't realize
how risky feasts could be.
"

"Quirrell said Snape --"

"Professor Snape, Harry.
"

"Right," said Ron.
"

"Rubbish," said Hagrid again.
"

"Rubbish," said Hagrid, who hadn't heard a word of what had gone on next
to him in the stands.
"

"Scabbers has been fighting, not us," said Ron, scowling at her.
"

"Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said Peeves in his
annoying singsong voice.
"

"Should tell Filch, I should," said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his
eyes glittered wickedly.
"

"Shut up, you two," said Wood.
"

"Shut up," said Ron again.
"

"Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said Hagrid.
"

"Starving," said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty.
"

"Still famous," said Ron, grinning at him.
"

"Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said Dumbledore,
and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.
"

"Swap you for one of these," said Harry, holding up a pasty.
"

"Thanks, Seamus," said Harry, watching Seamus pile ketchup on his
sausages.
"

"Thanks," said Harry, "I'll need something to look forward to.
"

"That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn," said
Firenze.
"

"That's really nice of her," said Harry, trying the fudge, which was
very tasty.
"

"That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that -- what was it?
"

"The big one," said Fred Weasley.
"

"There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said
Harry, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy --"

"SHHHH!
"

"They're dead," said Harry shortly.
"

"Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia.
"

"This way," said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the
only way forward.
"

"Three Chasers, one Keeper," said Harry, who was determined to remember
it all.
"

"Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Hermione.
"

"We can only guess," said Dumbledore.
"

"We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.
"

"We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all," said Hermione.
"

"We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish," said
Uncle Vernon, "swore we'd stamp it out of him!
"

"We've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said Ron, "quickly as
possible.
"

"Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not
only the owls that have been acting oddly today.
"

"Well, a second's there to take over if you die," said Ron casually,
getting started at last on his cold pie.
"

"Well, so they say," said Hagrid.
"

"Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," said Ron.
"

"Wish McGonagall favored us, " said Harry.
"

"Won it," said Hagrid.
"

"Wow," said Ron.
"

"Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.
"

"Yeah, but I was meanin' anythin' unusual a bit nearer home, said
Hagrid.
"

"Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his
bike back.
"

"Yeah," said Hagrid, "but have yeh seen anythin', Ronan?
"

"Yeah," said Hagrid, glancing up, too.
"

"Yeah," said Ron.
"

"Years an' years ago," said Hagrid.
"

"Yes and no," said Dumbledore quietly.
"

"Yes, but not to us," said Ron in exasperation.
"

"Yes, please," said Ron, but Harry cut him off.
"

"Yes," said Harry.
"

"Yes," said Professor McGonagall.
"

"You can keep it," said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was.
"

"You can see them any old time," said Ron.
"

"You can't blame them," said Dumbledore gently.
"

"You don't understand," said Harry, "this is important.
"

"You drink first," said Harry.
"

"You flatter me," said Dumbledore calmly.
"

"You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said
Professor McGonagall.
"

"You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got
your little friends with you," said Harry coolly.
"

"You've got some nerve --" said Ron loudly.
"

But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, "That's you done, my
dear," and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy,
hopped down from the footstool.
"

But he wished he hadn't said anything.
"

Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said, "That reminds
me.
"

He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, "It
begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's incredible
yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows --"

"Who?
"

Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron
said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and
flopped under a tree.
"

I don't think so," said Harry, I think it's just been knocked out.
"

I haven't eaten for nearly four hundred years," said the ghost.
"

I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore.
"

Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and
then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course.
"

Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls
are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.
"

Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes
when he said that.
" "All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said
when you're on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"

But what they were, they didn't find out.
" "Mmm," said Harry, wishing
he could say something a bit more interesting.
" "Of course not," said Hermione.
" "Oh, we found out who he
is ages ago," said Ron impressively.
" "Yes, him -- Quirrell said he hates me because
he hated my father.
" But
Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, "About our world, I mean.
" Dumbledore said cheerfully.
" Harry and Ron went back to
the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's on Snape's
tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came
in.
" Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he
threw it as hard as he could against the wall.
" Harry said suddenly.
" Harry said.
" Hermione said anxiously.
" Ron said.
" Then he ran, before
Dudley could work out what he'd said.
" he
said stupidly.
" he said cheerfully.
" he said finally.
" he said heavily.
" he said in a hoarse voice.
" he said suddenly as they climbed toward him.
" he said, 'NMat a shape!
" he said, dashing to the door to make sure.
" he said, leering at them.
" he said, rubbing his hands together.
" he said, showing them his hand, which was wrapped in a
bloody handkerchief.
" he said, with an evil cackle.
" he said.
" said
Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another
penalty for no reason at all.
" said Aunt
Petunia frantically -- and a moment later, Dudley's best friend, Piers
Polkiss, walked in with his mother.
" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he'd
planned this.
" said Dean furiously.
" said Dudley suddenly.
" said Dumbledore dreamily.
" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.
" said Dumbledore.
" said Filch, his voice cracking with
glee.
" said Firenze.
" said Fred Weasley, peering out of the
door.
" said Hagrid again.
" said Hagrid hotly.
" said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still
ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.
" said Hagrid, following them out of the hall.
" said Hagrid, frowning at Filch.
" said Hagrid, glancing at Ron's freckles.
" said Hagrid, who was checking the
boats as people climbed out of them.
" said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.
" said Hagrid.
" said Harry and Ron.
" said Harry anxiously, and at last
Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.
" said Harry anxiously.
" said Harry blankly.
" said Harry eagerly.
" said Harry frantically.
" said Harry loudly.
" said Harry miserably.
" said Harry sharply.
" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved,
is there?
" said Harry, "that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday!
" said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle's top hat fell off
in his excitement.
" said Harry, feeling dazed.
" said Harry, hurrying to let her in.
" said Harry, interested.
" said Harry, pointing at his scar.
" said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and
remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard.
" said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
through the door.
" said Harry, trying to snatch it back.
" said Harry.
" said Hermione in alarm.
" said Hermione nervously.
" said Hermione suddenly, "Harry --"

"What?
" said Hermione thoughtfully.
" said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it,
muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had
used on Snape at the plant.
" said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished.
" said Hermione.
" said Malfoy,
unable to keep the fear out of his voice.
" said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the
grass.
" said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.
" said Malfoy.
" said Mr.
" said Mrs.
" said Neville, raising his fists.
" said Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to
stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already.
" said Neville.
" said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faced
Slytherin girl.
" said Percy airily.
" said Professor McGonagall, staring at the
three of them, "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of
tackling a mountain troll on your own?
" said Professor McGonagall, with
cold fury in her voice.
" said Quirrell impatiently.
" said Ron eagerly.
" said Ron finally.
" said Ron furiously.
" said Ron grumpily.
" said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he
thought Voldemort could hear them.
" said Ron sleepily.
" said Ron softly, "It's the only way.
" said Ron suddenly.
" said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the
grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.
" said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she'd looked
something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages,
muttering to herself.
" said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable.
" said Ron, crouching over the fire to get
a closer look at the egg.
" said Ron, sounding both shocked and
impressed.
" said Ron, turning to his own pile, which
was a lot bigger than Harry's.
" said Ron.
" said Snape suddenly.
" said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his
hands together.
" said Wood curiously.
" said a voice from the corner of the room.
" said one of the
twins.
" said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harry's
lightning scar.
" said one of the twins, with an air of
great surprise.
" said one of the twins.
" said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them.
" said the Friar.
" said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the
front window.
" said the boy, with a slight sneer.
" said the boys' mother.
" said the centaur, pulling Harry to his feet.
" said the giant.
" said the girl.
" said the small voice.
" said their mother.
" she said kindly, and Harry nodded.
" she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls'
dormitories.
" she said, looking at the sweets all over the
floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.
" she said, when Harry started to speak.
" she said.
" the face said.
" their mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the
train.
" they said together.
'"

"Oh, shut up," said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for
Snape.
))

"We'd noticed," said Hermione faintly.

had 600
	Still, first-year
Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn't have to
put up with Malfoy much.



CHAPTER NINE

THE MIDNIGHT DUEL

Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR

In years to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to
get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting
through the door at any moment.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

NICOLAS FLAMEL

Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of
Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the
invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk.


"Better you than me," they said together, but Harry had an idea that
Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.


"Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone?


"Had to let that happen," said Ron, looking shaken.


"He didn't catch it, he nearly swallowed it," Flint was still howling
twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Harry hadn't broken
any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results --
Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.


"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up
close to Harry's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny business,
anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until
Christmas.


"In the car crash when your parents died," she had said.


"Keep out of the way until you catch sight of the Snitch," Wood had
said.


"Look," said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's
about the Sorcerer's tone --"

Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that.


"Oh," he said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet.


"Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and
had you, and of course I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange,
just as -- as -- abnormal -- and then, if you please, she went and got
herself blown up and we got landed with you!


"You've had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT" she said firmly.


A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so
suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd just popped out of the
ground.


Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a
street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome.


Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet.


All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that Snape had
just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be
walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given
in at last.


And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes
themselves.


Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting
old sweater of Dudley's (brown with orange puff balls) -- The harder she
tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until
finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn't fit
Harry.


As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Harry
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much
to think about as tea with Hagrid.


At school, Harry had no one.


At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor
Snape disliked him.


But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed
back into bed.


But he had finally gone too far.


Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken.


Had Harry thought that things couldn't have been worse?


Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like
tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley.


Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do
was keep close behind him.


Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because Wood had decided that, as
their secret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, secret.


Harry did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his
forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the
forest.


Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog,
the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas.


Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day.


Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but
come they did.


Harry had never been to London before.


Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.


Harry had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner.


Harry had reached the shed.


Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him
freeze where he stood.


Harry had the best morning he'd had in a long time.


Harry hadn't had a single letter since Hagrid's note, something that
Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course.


Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, wishing he had a watch.


Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a
Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup
match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest
players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to
them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had
been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.


Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn't
trust him at all.


Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to
rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned the date.


Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor's tank
had vanished.


Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that
Dumbledore's face had disappeared.


Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found
anything, but he wasn't very hopeful.


Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him
(chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).


Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them.


He dashed back across the road, hurried up to his office, snapped at his
secretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost
finished dialing his home number when he changed his mind.


He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he
had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many
Mars Bars as he could carry -- but the woman didn't have Mars Bars.


He had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from screaming.


He had to start somewhere.


He had to try it, now.


He'd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as
long as he could remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his parents
had died in that car crash.


Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry
and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer
for it.


Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and
was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.


Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on
her.


Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand --
not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell
that came into his head: "Wingardium Leviosa!


Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to
search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them
off the shelves at random.


Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer's Stone.


I had a dream about a motorcycle," said Harry, remembering suddenly.


It had been Harry's best Christmas day ever.


It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby littie package
from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.


It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because
the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to
him so far.


It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermlone as a friend.


It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry
knew that the only reason they weren't already dead was that their
sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting
over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.


Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the
big, squashy something had been his uncle's face.


Malfoy had seen the dragon.


Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen.


Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Harry had seen in the forest,
or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron
and Hermione didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.


Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Harry thought wildly,
that seemed the sort of thing -- noticing that everyone in the hall was
now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too.


Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his
grandmother had never let him near one.


Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive.


Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time
to think much about Flamel.


Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking
as though he hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors
and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which
she left "to hide that horrible scar.


Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange
dream.


Perhaps Snape had left the book in there?


Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry
had always been small and skinny for his age.


Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had
to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk.


Professor McGonagall

Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to
read.


Professor McGonagall Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do
in the furor over the points they'd lost.


Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by
the ear.


Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to
Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or
why they had both brought their wands to the match.


Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to
return.


Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.


So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to
Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.


Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault,
Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous
jewels at the very least -- but at first he thought it was empty.


The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and
their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it.


The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he'd never been
allowed to eat as much as he liked.


The Quidditch season had begun.


The brick he had touched quivered -- it wriggled -- in the middle, a
small hole appeared -- it grew wider and wider -- a second later they
were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a
cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.


The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense
Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell's lessons turned out to be a bit of
a joke.


The stands erupted; it had to be a record, no one could ever remember
the Snitch being caught so quickly.


The trees were so thick he couldn't see where Snape had gone.


There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced
boy Harry had passed on platform nine and threequarters came in.


There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide,
sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different
on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to
remember to jump.


They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary
book, even though Harry was still sure he'd read the name somewhere.


They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid
had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape
was trying to steal?


They had practical exams as well.


They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other
little shops.


They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady.


They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every
Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the
movements of the planets.


They weren't in a room, as he had supposed.


They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time came for him to say
good-bye to Norbert if they hadn't been so worried about what they had
to do.


Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded
like "Mimblewimble.


Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see
something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches -- the next
second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the
Snitch clasped in his hand.


Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole.


When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food
faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before.


When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown
relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
Dursleys were his only family.

A sudden yelp told her she had done her job.

According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes
left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he
was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly
lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl.

Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the
head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and
computer in his sports bag.

Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they
had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.

For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell
had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about
the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung
around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed
full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.

Harry watched, careful not to blink in case he missed it -- but just as
the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large
crowd of tourists came swarming in front of him and by the time the last
backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished.

Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the
Body-Bind Curse put on him.

He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very
long fingers and feet.

He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but
because no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him.

He had written only two words: It's hatching.

He waited until Quirrell's footsteps had disappeared, then peered into
the classroom.

His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon
spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been
broken at least twice.

Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the
three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite
keen to have another one.

It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving
around the edge.

Like everything else he owned, it had once belonged to someone else in
his family -- in this case, his grandfather.

Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch
match.

Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week
in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he
couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.

Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to
Harry any more, after all.

Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten
minutes during their breaks.

One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood.

Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of
students who would be staying for the holidays, and Harry had signed up
at once.

Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had
entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out
of their minds.

Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a
large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -- but Dudley
Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large
blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a
computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother.

The toadless boy was back, but this time he had a girl with him.

The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were
going to end up as Mrs.

They had just passed a bend in the path when Hermione grabbed Hagrid's
arm.

They hadn't realized how loudly they had been talking.

They hadn't realized what a racket they had been making, but of course,
someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll's roars.

When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their
faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut.
 "Don' expect you've had a lotta
presents from them Dursleys.
 "Harry hasn't had much to do yet.
 "I had no
idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin' hold of
yeh, how much yeh didn't know.
 "I was
trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
catch you, he said you had a drag --"

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
McGonagall had seen.
 "Look," Harry heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus
Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops
selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen
before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes,
tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
bottles, globes of the moon.
 "No -- I don't believe it -- he's gone back to sleep-"

And so he had.
 "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the
world --" And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the
positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to
with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had the
money.
 "The poor toilet's never had anything as
horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick.
 "This is the best team Gryffindor's had
in years.
 "Voldemort had powers I will
never have.
 "We only wondered who had done the guarding, really.
 "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him,
apart from you.
 "We'll have another little chat soon, when
you've had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties
lie.
 "We've had precious
little to celebrate for eleven years.
 "You had better get back to Hagrid.
 "You should have said something, we had no idea.
 A
moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room,
closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear.
 A bald man in a very long
purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and
then walked away without a word.
 A centaur
was standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he
had white-blond hair and a palomino body.
 A game of
Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages
-- I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on
substitutes so the players could get some sleep.
 A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint
had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry's broom spun off course, Harry
holding on for dear life.
 A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once
while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley.
 A wild-looking old woman dressed all in
green had waved merrily at him once on a bus.
 About twenty ghosts had just
streamed through the back wall.
 After a minute's
weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large
silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and
stuffed roughly into the keyhole.
 After all, he'd never had any money in his life until a
month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear Dudley's old
clothes and never getting proper birthday presents.
 After asking Harry
furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the
shop without buying anything.
 After half an
hour, night had really fallen and they couldn't carry on.
 All my family are dead -- let me have another look --"

"You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time.
 All the studying
he had to do kept his mind off his misery.
 And all the time there
had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.
 And slowly, Harry looked into the
faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as
though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family,
for the first time in his life.
 And then
the story started to spread: Harry Potter, the famous Harry Potter,
their hero of two Quidditch matches, had lo st them all those points,
him and a couple of other stupid first years.
 Anyway

He had just raised his 'wand when the compartment door slid open again.
 Anyway, we've never had any proof Snape found out
how to get past Fluffy.
 As Hagrid's story
came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more
clearly than he had ever remembered it before -- and he remembered
something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel
laugh.
 As a surprise for Harry, they had painted a large banner on
one of the sheets Scabbers had ruined.
 As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except
snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were
all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had
nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to
squeeze him to death.
 As for Harry and Ron, their legs
had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.
 As they
couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door,
slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small
window in the downstairs bathroom.
 Aunt Petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to
his great relief, Harry wasn't punished.
 Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered
him inside.
 But in all the confusion, of course, the
Golden Snitch had disappeared from sight again.
 But the news
that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn't know
which was worse -- people telling him he'd be brilliant or people
telling him they'd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.
 But then, he thought, as he shoved
Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
 By the afternoon, though,
he had no choice.
 By the end of the lesson,
only Hermione Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor
McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and
gave Hermione a rare smile.
 By the next morning, Ron's bitten hand had swollen to
twice its usual size.
 By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard
again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his
new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time
out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs.
 Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get
everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing
Harry as Seeker next.
 Dudley had always taken anything
that Harry really wanted, even if It made him sick.
 Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private
school, Smeltings.
 Dudley's gang had been chasing him as
usual when, as much to Harry's surprise as anyone else's, there he was
sitting on the chimney.
 Dunno if he had enough
human left in him to die.
 Dunno if he had enough human left in him to
die.
 Dursley
didn't realize what he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to
look again.
 Dursley had had a nice, normal day.
 Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls.
 Dursley was
enraged to see that a couple of them weren't young at all; why, that man
had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak!
 Dursley was thin and blonde and had
nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she
spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the
neighbors.
 Dursley, however, had a perfectly
normal, owl-free morning.
 Each of them was pushing a trunk like
Harry's in front of him -- and they had an owl.
 Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs
turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose
the house cup.
 Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make
Neville's toad zoom around the classroom.
 Even the endless rain that
had replaced the snow couldn't dampen his spirits.
 Every night before he went to
sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned
to the wall, counting down to September the first.
 Everyone was eating the food that
had been sent up.
 Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in
front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out
cold with a bloody lump on its head.
 Figg had
broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself it would be
a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr.
 For
one terrible moment there, I was afraid it had.
 For a moment, he
was sure he'd walked into a nightmare -- this was too much, on top of
everything that had happened so far.
 George reckons he had a booger-
flavored one once.
 Had
it really once belonged to his father?
 Had Hagrid collected that package
just in time?
 Had that been what the thieves were looking for?
 Hagrid almost had to drag
Harry away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and
Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs,
Tongue- Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
 Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.
 Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and
thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little
package.
 Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself.
 Harder to shake off was the
feeling Harry had gotten from the teacher's look -- a feeling that he
didn't like Harry at all.
 Harry
had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes.
 Harry
thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him.
 Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but
silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry,
his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at
the crack between door and floor.
 Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks
before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.
 Harry crossed his fingers under the table and a
second later the hat had shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!
 Harry didn't know where to run first now that he had a bag
full of money.
 Harry didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had
the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.
 Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach.
 Harry felt strangely as though he had
entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that
had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow
boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.
 Harry glanced at Ron, who
looked as stumped as he was; Hermione's hand had shot into the air.
 Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had
gotten a detention, too.
 Harry had been quite right to
think she wasn't a teacher to cross.
 Harry had caught Ron
prodding Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the
players move.
 Harry had even less time than the other
two, because Quidditch practice had started again.
 Harry had gotten used to this by now, but
it had given him a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a
hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast,
circling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters
and packages onto their laps.
 Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley
complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to
vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left.
 Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened
when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall.
 Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
had so many questions in his life.
 Harry had never seen
anything so beautiful and sad.
 Harry had never seen her look so angry.
 Harry had only just raised
his wand when they heard someone speak -and it wasn't Malfoy.
 Harry jumped; he had almost
forgotten that the Dursleys were there.
 Harry looked behind him
and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the
words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.
 Harry must have had more haircuts
than the rest of the boys in his class put

together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way --
all over the place.
 Harry noticed that the other teachers' smiles had become
rather fixed.
 Harry saw
he still had a black mark on his nose.
 Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap.
 Harry tried to turn back toward the Gryffindor goal- posts
-- he had half a mind to ask Wood to call time-out -- and then he
realized that his broom was completely out of his control.
 Harry wanted to watch Hagrid until
he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against
the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.
 Harry's broom had given a wild
jerk and Harry swung off it.
 Harry's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which
was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye).
 Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly -- the towering
white chessmen had no faces.
 Harry, who had expected more
marble, was surprised.
 He
had a knack for spotting things other people didn't.
 He
had been held up by Madam Pomfrey's fussing about, insisting on giving
him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full.
 He
had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too,
carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which

Fred seized.
 He
had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror.
 He
putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had
given him for Christmas.
 He
strode out of sight; Harry didn't think Quirrell had even noticed him.
 He
wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of
all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose.
 He
wouldn't have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself -- no
company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying
to disturb it all day long.
 He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that
was.
 He checked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure
he had everything he needed, saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her
cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get up.
 He couldn't remember being in the car when
his parents had died.
 He couldn't stay here, he had to find his way back to bed.
 He didn't blame her -- if he'd had a sister like that.
 He didn't feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be
the best Christmas he'd ever had.
 He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole
life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.
 He didn't know what he was going to but it had to be better
than what he was leaving behind.
 He had a bored, drawling voice.
 He had a deep, sorrowful
voice.
 He had a funny
feeling he'd had the same dream before.
 He had a large pink face,
not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay
smoothly on his thick, fat head.
 He had a plan.
 He had a powerful kind of ache
inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
 He had almost forgotten about Flamel.
 He had already changed into his
billowing black Hogwarts robes, and Harry noticed a shiny silver badge
on his chest with the letter P on it.
 He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale
sapphires.
 He had been
so busy getting away from the library, he hadn't paid attention to where
he was going.
 He had been down at
Hagrid's hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by
the crate.
 He had been hugged by a complete
stranger.
 He had been to school, after
all, and his marks weren't bad.
 He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wasn't somewhere in
there.
 He had decided to
call her Hedwig, a name he had found in A History of Magic.
 He had had it as long as he could
remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his Aunt
Petunia was how he had gotten it.
 He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop
under his breath.
 He had just
thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon
inside him had got a puncture.
 He had looked through his books at the Dursleys', but did
Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs
and Fungi?
 He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table:
roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon
and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding,
peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint
humbugs.
 He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before.
 He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the
library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back.
 He had no idea what Mr.
 He had only just realized how
hungry he was.
 He had seen his parents and would be seeing them
again tonight.
 He had the nasty feeling they were being
watched.
 He had turned white.
 He has had to be very hard on me.
 He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white
pieces as they had lost black ones.
 He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping
he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he
didn't approve of imagination.
 He looked even smaller and
skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes
of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was.
 He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild - long
tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands
the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were
like baby dolphins.
 He managed to
say, "Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meals," before he collapsed into a
chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.
 He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to
Gryffindor tower.
 He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he's not
going to try it again in a hurry.
 He never had much sense.
 He pulled
the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.
 He rolled onto his
back and tried to remember the dream he had been having.
 He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as
though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out
of the window again.
 He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but
they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had y caught
every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a
class silent without effort.
 He supposed this
was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more
comfortable saying "Voldemort" without worrying.
 He tried to empty his mind
-- he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a
few hours -- but the expression on Snape's face when Harry had seen his
leg wasn't easy to forget.
 He understood what he had to do all right, it was
doing it that was going to be the problem.
 He was almost as tall as the twins already
and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it.
 He was holding a rifle in his hands -- now they knew what had been
in the long, thin package he had brought with them.
 He was just
telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned
slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the
dungeon.
 He was sure it was the
same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
 He was sure there were
lots of people called Potter who had a son called Harry.
 He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them.
 He wore half- moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and
flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache.
 He'd done it -- the game was over; it had barely lasted five
minutes.
 He'd had it
with sneaking around and spying.
 He'd just had the best birthday of
his life -- and yet -- he chewed his hamburger, trying to find the
words.
 He'd never been more
nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to
the Dursleys saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue.
 He'd never had such a bad day in his life.
 He'll be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a
change, an' he'll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had
Albus Dumbled--"

"I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL To TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!
 He, Ron, and Hermione had already agreed they'd better not
ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel.
 Hermione Granger's had simply rolled over on the ground, and
Neville's hadn't moved at all.
 Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and
Ron, too.
 Hermione had stopped drawing attention to herself in
class, keeping her head down and working in silence.
 Hermione had turned to the
portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and found herself facing an
empty painting.
 Hermione was the last
person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending
she had, to get them out of trouble.
 Hermione, who had all her
fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was
circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.
 His
broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to
hold on.
 His
eyes were black like Hagrid's, but they had none of Hagrid's warmth.
 His
lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had
mastered the basics.
 His aunt and uncle hadn't been able
to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle
Vernon had taken Harry aside.
 His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the
book had screamed -- for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but
a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.
 His turban, he told them, had
been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of
a troublesome zombie, but they weren't sure they believed this story.
 His twin called
after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, because a second later,
he had gone -- but how had he done it?
 How
much had he heard?
 How he had managed
to climb through the portrait hole was anyone's guess, because his legs
had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the
Leg-Locker Curse.
 How often had
they complained how much Harry cost them to keep?
 I bet," he added, voicing for the first time something that
had been worrying him a lot lately, "I bet I'm the worst in the class.
 I reckon he had a pretty
good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just
taught us enough to help.
 If
he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley
had always been able to kick him around like a football?
 If
only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy,
that would have been the one for him.
 If Harry hadn't known that the Dursleys had no sense of
humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything
Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn't help
trusting him.
 If Snape
had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out
how the other teachers had guarded it.
 If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert had been bad
enough.
 In
one night, they'd ruined any chance Gryffindor had had for the house
cup.
 In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide-eyed as
Harry began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the forest.
 In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and
Hagrid could see it.
 In fact, he wasn't really crying -- it had
been years since he'd really cried -- but he knew that if he screwed up
his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.
 Instead he was smiling
at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly
the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes.
 It
roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to
escape.
 It had been a
good one.
 It had been such a good
dream.
 It had grown three times in length in just a
week.
 It had short legs thick as tree trunks
with flat, horny feet.
 It had three heads.
 It looked as
though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the
second television and the racing bike.
 It lumbered around, blinking
stupidly, to see what had made the noise.
 It said Potter for President, and
Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion
underneath.
 It seemed
she had been wanting to say all this for years.
 It was a few seconds before
he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.
 It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late
arriving at Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get
out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis
against the wall.
 It was as if Snape had started
handing out sweets.
 It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver
wings.
 It was the
first really fine day they'd had in months.
 It's almost like he thought I had the
right to face Voldemort if I could.
 Its long, slender legs were stuck out at
odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on
the dark leaves.
 Its spiny wings were huge
compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils,
the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.
 Little did Harry
know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker
Curse.
 Look
what she had fer a sister!
 Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like him, hadn't
had any idea that they were witches and wizards.
 Malfoy, it seemed,
had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke.
 Many students had binoculars.
 Might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had
cooked up?
 Most of them had never
seen an owl even at nighttime.
 Neville had
panicked and sent up the sparks.
 Neville had been sobbing into
Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.
 Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus's cauldron into a
twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor,
burning holes in people's shoes.
 Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because
Harry couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by
his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there
was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
 Neville's robes had
barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy
room.
 Next Door's problems with her daughter and how Dudley had
learned a new word ("Won't!
 No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to him.
 No sooner had I reached London than it
became clear to me that the place I should be was the one I had just
left.
 No sooner had they reached the
door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor
McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.
 Not until he climbed into bed
was he free to think about it: the invisibility cloak and whoever had
sent it.
 Of
course, his birthdays were never exactly fun -- last year, the Dursleys
had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks.
 Ollivander had come so close that he and Harry were almost nose to
nose.
 On my whistle -- three
-- two --"

But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the
ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch's
lips.
 Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog
biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward
one of the doors leading off the hall.
 Only the
photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed.
 Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what
Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: "Some say he died.
 Perhaps they
thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd
heard footsteps, because a second later, Hermione Granger had come in.
 Privately, Harry felt she'd had
good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of
accidents even with both feet on the ground.
 Professor Binns had been very old

indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got
up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him.
 Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even
looking at him; he had to jog to keep up.
 Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox
-- points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if
it had whiskers.
 Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice
Wands, and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his
life.
 Quite apart from wanting to win, Harry found that he had fewer
nightmares when he was tired out after training.
 Ron
had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their
dormitory, about soccer.
 Ron had
spent all evening giving him advice such as "If he tries to curse you,
you'd better dodge it, because I can't remember how to block them.
 Ron had a piece of
steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all about
it.
 Ron knew them so well he never had trouble
getting them to do what he wanted.
 Ron was
standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.
 Scooping the fire off him
into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row --
Snape would never know what had happened.
 Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and
set fire to it -- Harry had to put it out with his hat.
 Several boys of
about Harry's age had their noses pressed against a window with
broomsticks in it.
 She
had also tent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a
very interesting read.
 She
had started drawing up study schedules and colorcoding all her notes.
 She had a bossy
sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth.
 She had a very stern face and Harry's first thought
was that this was not someone to cross.
 She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her
eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little closer to the
glass.
 She had short, gray hair, and
yellow eyes like a hawk.
 She had to struggle
because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist
snakelike tendrils around her ankles.
 She hadn't spoken to
either of them since the day Harry's broomstick had arrived.
 She let Harry watch
television and gave him a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though
she'd had it for several years.
 She was torn between horror at the idea of Harry being
out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row ("If Filch had
caught you!
 Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long
tail of neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold
near the top.
 Slytherin Seeker Terence Higgs had seen it, too.
 So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back
to taunting Harry about having no proper family.
 Some had no title at all.
 Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it
properly.
 Someone knew he had moved out
of his cupboard and they seemed to know he hadn't received his first
letter.
 Soon he had not only Dumbledore and Morgana, but
Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin.
 Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the
boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway.
 That had been close, very close.
 The
Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the
entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry
what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap
lemon ice pop.
 The
few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to
deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could
fly off again.
 The Dursleys couldn't have known about
this or they'd have had it from him faster than blinking.
 The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their
opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
 The Dursleys had received a very angry letter
from Harry's headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school
buildings.
 The Dursleys knew that the
Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him.
 The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Hermione
was locked out of Gryffindor tower.
 The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was
still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.
 The castle felt more like home than Privet Drive ever had.
 The clock on the wall had just

chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open.
 The cut had turned a nasty shade of green.
 The dark shapes of desks and chairs
were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper
basket -- but propped against the wall facing him was something that
didn't look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone
had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
 The day before Harry's first Quidditch match the three of them
were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured
them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.
 The evening air had never
smelled so sweet.
 The feast appeared suddenly on the
golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet.
 The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry
couldn't even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to
get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on purpose.
 The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the house championship was
wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed
to, with such a biased referee?
 The moment
the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very
battered now that it had been caught twice.
 The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working
tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the
corner was Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot
through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school
for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent
because Dudley had sat on it.
 The neat
fields had gone.
 The old
woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out.
 The pain in his head
lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and
saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering
before his eyes.
 The rest of the team wouldn't speak
to Harry during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they
called him "the Seeker.
 The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass
number four on the Dursleys' front door; it crept into their living
room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when
Mr.
 The troll couldn't feel Harry hanging there,
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
nose, and Harry's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
 The vault
that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.
 The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied
earlier that same day.
 Their
mother had just taken out her handkerchief.
 Their trunks had
already been brought up.
 Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that
the paint flashed different colors.
 Then he
rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
 Then he'd realized that nobody found this funny,
because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay
on his bucking broomstick.
 There had been a flying motorcycle in it.
 There was a loud bark from the dog, but
Hermione had already jumped.
 There were
splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been
thrashing around in pain close by.
 They ate in the zoo
restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker
glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him
another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.
 They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their
feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when
they came to a sudden halt.
 They had
hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top
of the parcel.
 They had
won.
 They had almost reached
the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, "I
can't believe you're going to do this, Harry.
 They had been given special, new quills for the
exams, which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating spell.
 They had been looking for two
weeks, after A, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it
wasn't surprising they'd found nothing.
 They had hoped that Goyle, who was almost as stupid
as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, too.
 They had just finished when the owner of the
hotel came over to their table.
 They had just turned the corner when they heard quick
footsteps behind them.
 They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor
did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
 They had the dormitory to themselves and the
common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the
good armchairs by the fire.
 They had tied for the house cup -- if
only Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point.
 Those who could add up while yelling themselves
hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points
-- exactly the same as Slytherin.
 To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good
marks; Hermione, of course, had the best grades of the first years.
 Tried to frighten me - as though he could,
when I had Lord Voldemort on my side.
 Try --"

Harry tried -- but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was
snatched back by Mr.
 Twenty-four letters to
Harry found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each
of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt
Petunia through the living room window.
 Two
hours later, Harry's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the
Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to
Harry, and they had set off.
 Uncle Vernon had been
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
sure that Harry didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do.
 Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside
the car, and disappeared.
 Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the
ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact
that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind.
 Up at
the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard's hat for a
flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick
had just read him.
 Use it well, the note
had said.
 Viewers as far apart as
Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead
of the rain I promised yesterday, they've had a downpour of shooting
stars!
 We've had a couple of broken jaws but nothing worse
than that.
 Wednesday night found Hermione and Harry
sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to
bed.
 Well, Nicolas and I have had
a little chat, and agreed it's all for the best.
 What came next happened
so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, Piers and Dudley were
leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with
howls of horror.
 What had Hagrid said?
 What if he just
sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
 When
Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to
catch the last report on the evening news:

"And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's
owls have been behaving very unusually today.
 When he had found
his voice again, Harry said, "And the invisibility cloak - do you know
who sent it to me?
 When he looked up, the figure had gone.
 When it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR," Neville ran off
still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it
to "MacDougal, Morag.
 When they had left the shop, he said, "Hagrid, what's Quidditch?
 Whenever Harry passed
Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron
had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.
 Where there
should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was a face, the most
terrible face Harry had ever seen.
 While the Gryffindor common
room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had
become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms.
 Who had sent the cloak?
 Wish I'd had three wizard brothers.
 With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much
more slowly the next night.
 Within seconds, the whole class was
standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the
potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils
sprang up all over his arms and legs.
 Written in narrow,
loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words: Your
father left this in my possession before he died.
 Yet something had been
nagging at the back of his mind all day.
 You two had better change, you know, I expect we'll be there
soon.
 You, Miss Granger, I
thought you had more sense.
 and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his
revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?
 but he had ter be sure I could handle it, he
didn' want it ter go ter any old home.
 chased by Dudley's
gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reach.
 every odd
thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had
happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry.
 this had been his father's.
 this was what Harry had been really looking forward to.
 yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an' we could play
cards fer it if I wanted.
"


CHAPTER TWO

THE VANISHING GLASS

Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find
their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at
all.
"


The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent.
"

"Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune," said the giant; he reached over
the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon's hands, bent
it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it
into a corner of the room.
"

"Go on, have a pasty," said Harry, who had never had anything to share
before or, indeed, anyone to share it with.
"

"I dunno, I've just got a bad feeling about it -- and anyway, you've had
too many close shaves already.
"

"I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron, who'd had enough of
working.
"

"It was not a mistake," said Harry angrily, "it had my cupboard on it.
"

"Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor
Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was
trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
"

"Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not
like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the
piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
"

"Rubbish," said Hagrid, who hadn't heard a word of what had gone on next
to him in the stands.
"

"We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.
"

"We've had Sprout's, that was the Devil's Snare; Flitwick must've put
charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them
alive; that leaves Quirrell's spell, and Snape's.
"

A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.
"

A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them.
"

A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too
busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his
left ear.
"

A white pawn had moved forward two squares.
"

As he had expected, Mrs.
"

Back in the locker room, Wood had taken Harry aside.
"

Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.
"

But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in
front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.
"

But even Quidditch had lost its fun.
"

Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line
behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out
of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors
into the Great Hall.
"

Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had
to grab his shoulders to stay on.
"

Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome
turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.
"

Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but
Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had
been a horrible mistake.
"

Harry felt as though his insides had turned to ice.
"

Harry had a sudden idea.
"

Harry had gone very white.
"

Harry had suddenly gone into a spectacular dive, which drew gasps and
cheers from the crowd.
"

Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-knitted sweater in
emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.
"

Harry was going to ask Ron if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he
fell asleep almost at once.
"

Harry wished he had about eight more eyes.
"

Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose.
"

Harry, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron's ears
went pink again and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches.
"

He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small
door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the
wall to stop his knees from trembling.
"

He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.
"

He had leapt to his feet.
"

He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted
anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the
giant.
"

He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone.
"

Hermione buried her face in her arms; Harry strongly suspected she had
burst into tears.
"

Hermione had got both her breath and her bad temper back again.
"

Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.
"

Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.
"

It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most
anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard
wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed
Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.
"

It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two
agreed with him.
"

It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Harry's
heart.
"

It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a teacher's
question.
"

Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at
once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!
"

Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with
Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.
"

Professor McGonagall had returned.
"

Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because
George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him.
"

Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head.
"

Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some
sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted
from the Gryffindor table.
"

The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt
Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one
where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things
that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom.
"

The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale
boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.
"

The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black take.
"

The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down
different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still
discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one.
"

The pain had gone as quickly as it had come.
"

The sky had turned light before they stopped talking.
"

They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans.
"

They had reached another door.
"

They had reached the station.
"

They hurried out of the chamber and didn't speak at all until they had
climbed two floors up.
"

Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been
dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes.
"

When Angelina had scored, Harry had done a couple of loop-the-loops to
let off his feelings.
"

When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.
"

When they told him about Charlie's letter, his eyes filled with tears,
although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the
leg.
"

Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for
not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch.
"

While they had been talking, the train had carried them out of London.
"

Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had come true at once.
" Dudley had laughed himself silly
at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day,
where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.
" For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of
Harry's bathrobe for the last minute.
" Harry and Ron went back to
the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's on Snape's
tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came
in.
" Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick
and taken off.
" His face fell, because the
Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet,

"You've forgotten something.
" he had time to yell, as he beat the Bludger
furiously toward Marcus Flint.
" said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
through the door.
" said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it,
muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had
used on Snape at the plant.
" said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished.
" shouted Hagrid,
who had a boat to himself.
'

Oliver Wood had arrived.

ron 386



CHAPTER TEN

HALLOWEEN

Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were
still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.


"And we'd better stay outside the third-floor corridor," Harry told Ron.


"Better get the cloak," Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left,
stretching and yawning.


"But it's against our laws," said Ron.


"Bye," said Harry and Ron.


"Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing
something for Gringotts," said Ron.


"Come on, Hermione," Ron muttered desperately.


"Come on," he said to Ron.


"Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Ron.


"Don't know why he's so bothered," said Ron.


"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Harry sat down next to
him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Harry's face.


"Double Potions with the Slytherins," said Ron.


"Er -- Yes, I think so," said Ron.


"Every year she makes us a sweater," said Ron, unwrapping his own, "and
mine's always maroon.


"Good-bye," said Ron.


"Gryffindor," said Ron.


"Had to let that happen," said Ron, looking shaken.


"Half-past eleven," Ron muttered at last, "we'd better go.


"He might have died and you wouldn't know the difference," said Ron in
disgust.


"He's heading for the third floor," Harry said, but Ron held up his
hand.


"He's late, maybe he's chickened out," Ron whispered.


"Hey, Ron.


"I always said he was off his rocker," said Ron, looking quite impressed
at how crazy his hero was.


"I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --"

"Bet you could," Ron muttered.


"I heard you went to live with Muggles," said Ron.


"I know," Ron snapped.


"I think," said Ron, "we're going to have to be chessmen.


"I'd like to see your mom and dad," Ron said eagerly.


"I'll get him," said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of
these days, I'll get him --"

"I hate them both," said Harry, "Malfoy and Snape.


"I'll never remember this," Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down
his quill and looking longingly out of the library window.


"I'm Ron Weasley," Ron muttered.


"I'm freezing," said Ron.


"I'm going to play," he told Ron and Hermione.


"I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word

"Ron!


"I've heard of his family," said Ron darkly.


"It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw him.


"It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Hermione, but this
didn't soothe Ron at all.


"It'll be gone by next Tuesday," said Ron.


"It's an invisibility cloak," said Ron, a look of awe on his face.


"Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Ron, and they left
Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.


"Keep playing," Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the cloak and
crept toward the trapdoor.


"Looks like a harp," said Ron.


"Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said Ron.


"Make yerselves at home," said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded
straight at Ron and started licking his ears.


"Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,"
said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them.


"Merry Christmas," said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and
pulled on his bathrobe.


"Nah, I'm all right, thanks, Ron.


"No," said Ron.


"Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Hermione muttered as Ron
slipped his wand up his sleeve.


"Of course there are," said Ron.


"Oh -well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George's jokes," said
Ron.


"Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried
--"

"The whole school's talking about it," said Ron.


"Oh, let's kick her, just this once," Ron whispered in Harry's ear, but
Harry shook his head.


"Oh, no," said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron.


"Really break your leg," said Ron.


"Ron!


"Ron, you've got something on your nose.


"Say that again," Ron said, his face as red as his hair.


"Say you're ill," said Ron.


"Shut up," said Ron.


"That's your problem," said Ron.


"This is Ron," Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a
large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.


"Unless you get out now," said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because
Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.


"We should have gotten more than ten points," Ron grumbled.


"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely,
Harry and Ron thought.


"We've already told him we haven't seen it," said Ron, but the girl
wasn't listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.


"Well -- no," Ron admitted.


"Well done, Ron, excellent," said Percy Weasley Pompously across Harry
as "Zabini, Blaise," was made a Slytherin.


"Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in it," said Ron.


"White always plays first in chess," said Ron, peering across the board.


"Wow," Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry's bedspread.


"Yeah," said Ron, "and lucky Harry doesn't lose his head in a crisis --
'there's no wood,' honestly.


"Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good.


"You could have woken me up," said Ron, crossly.


"You don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself," said Ron
reasonably.


"You must come and stay this summer," said Ron, "both of you -- I'll
send you an owl.


"You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said
Ron, when Harry told him about these drearns.


"You want to be careful with those," Ron warned Harry.


"You'll understand later, Neville," said Ron as they stepped over him
and pulled on the invisibility cloak.


"You're losing it, too," said Ron.


As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Harry
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much
to think about as tea with Hagrid.


As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous,
whatever he told Ron and Hermione.


At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common
room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville.


At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors
hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying
lesson.


Dear Ron,

How are you?


Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and
Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was
still growling inside.


Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads.


Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron.


Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day
to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.


Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoy's
obvious rage and confusion.


Harry and Ron jumped to their feet.


Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old git.


Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.


Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the
next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether they'd ever
see him alive again.


Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he
hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.


Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to
rob Gringotts, but Ron hadn't mentioned the date.


Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on
Astronomy.


Harry, who was looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and
Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Ron say, "Hagrid!


He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes.


He, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway together.


Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry
and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer
for it.


Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand --
not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell
that came into his head: "Wingardium Leviosa!


Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the
Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned
them all forward.


Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to
search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them
off the shelves at random.


Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron, but she was such a
bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus.


I think he's been knocked out," Ron said to Harry.


Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not
daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville.


Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Harry had seen in the forest,
or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron
and Hermione didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.


Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time
to think much about Flamel.


Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched
onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.


Professor McGonagall

Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to
read.


Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.


Ron also started teaching Harry wizard chess.


Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end,
Hermione agreed to run down to Hagrid's with the other two during
morning break.


Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in
the top row.


Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to
Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or
why they had both brought their wands to the match.


Ron grunted in his sleep.


Ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for them to
return.


Ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped it.


Ron snapped.


Ron stared as Harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped
it onto an empty seat.


Ron started to direct the black pieces.


Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at
Harry.


Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut.


Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.


Ron, at the next table, wasn't having much more luck.


Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him,
fell asleep almost as soon as he'd drawn the curtains of his
four-poster.


Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image.


Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week
made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous.


The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a
knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces
and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron,
and Hermione took.


The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the
end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common
room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess.

"Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," Ron sighed, as evening
after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were
getting.

Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it
wrong for years.

Harry and Ron wouldn't have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the
same.

Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the
Body-Bind Curse put on him.

Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the
three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite
keen to have another one.

Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had
entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out
of their minds.

Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in
danger.
 "And that reminds me -Harry, Ron, we've got
half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.
 "Cheer up,"
said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George.
 "Go on --"

"You don't want this, it's all dry," said Ron.
 "I brought Ron round --
that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact
Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he
just said, 'Harry's gone after him, hasn't he?
 "I think we'll be able to pull the
door open," said Ron, peering over the dog's back.
 "I'm Ron, remember?
 "It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said Ron.
 "No
more studying," Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass.
 "No, listen, get back and get Ron.
 "Ron, you come at it from above -- Hermione,
stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it.
 "Thomas, Dean,"
a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table.
 After all, he'd never had any money in his life until a
month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear Dudley's old
clothes and never getting proper birthday presents.
 And look after Ron.
 And this is Ron, our brother.
 As for Harry and Ron, their legs
had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.
 Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of
him, wrestling him to the ground.
 Chess was the only
thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very
good for her.
 Even Ron would tell anyone who'd listen
about the time he'd almost hit a hang glider on Charlie's old broom.
 Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if
he could have it.
 Go on, go now before Ron.
 Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not
to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.
 Harry
and Ron didn't talk much.
 Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks
before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.
 Harry and Ron beamed at
Hermione.
 Harry and Ron exchanged looks
with raised eyebrows.
 Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their
very first morning.
 Harry and Ron were followed
into their boat by Neville and Hermione.
 Harry and Ron wheeled round.
 Harry glanced at Ron, who
looked as stumped as he was; Hermione's hand had shot into the air.
 Harry got toast,
coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was
even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn't
touch, which turned out to be pepper.
 Harry had caught Ron
prodding Dean's poster of West Ham soccer team, trying to make the
players move.
 Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened
when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall.
 Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with
his wand in the air.
 Harry stuck his wand
up its nose and Ron knocked it out with its own club.
 Harry,
Ron, and Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view;
they were sure it wouldn't be allowed.
 Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly -- the towering
white chessmen had no faces.
 Harry, Ron, and
Hermione sat together next to a window.
 Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and
cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people
hugging him.
 He
wished Ron would put his wand down.
 He bolted his dinner that evening without
noticing what he was eating, and then rushed upstairs with Ron to unwrap
the Nimbus Two Thousand at last.
 He pulled his broomstick up
a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls
back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.
 He slipped into a seat between Ron and Hermione
at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were
standing up to look at him.
 He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour
in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him
onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and
down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
 He was being made a cup of strong tea back
in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Hermione.
 He, Ron, and Hermione had already agreed they'd better not
ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel.
 He, Ron, and Hermione kept to
themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the
ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart,
memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions.
 Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and
Ron, too.
 His
stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming
wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying Hagrid's bag.
 In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the
package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and
they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy
protection.
 It
roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to
escape.
 It
wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry
remembered about Snape and the coming match.
 It was a
shame, but as Ron said, you couldn't have everything in life.
 It was a nice feeling,
sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Harry's pasties,
cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).
 It was hard to tell
whether Ron or Hermione was angrier about this.
 Little did Harry
know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker
Curse.
 Madam Pomfrey came
over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep.
 Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron
spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get
through all their extra work.
 Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke
into a run -he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of
them toppled right into a suit of armor.
 On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast,
Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that
Hermione was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone.
 Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and
Harry.
 Ron
had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their
dormitory, about soccer.
 Ron and Harry stood quite still, both thinking the
same thing -- did the cloak work on cats?
 Ron and Hermione were a
very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry
told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.
 Ron and Hermione's cheers echoed around the high chamber.
 Ron and his brothers were staying,
too, because Mr.
 Ron appeared out of
nowhere as he pulled off Harry's invisibility cloak.
 Ron couldn't see what was exciting about a game
with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly.
 Ron gasped.
 Ron groaned.
 Ron had
spent all evening giving him advice such as "If he tries to curse you,
you'd better dodge it, because I can't remember how to block them.
 Ron had a piece of
steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all about
it.
 Ron knew them so well he never had trouble
getting them to do what he wanted.
 Ron looked taken aback.
 Ron pointed -- at the end of a passage to the left,
something huge was moving toward them.
 Ron stared.
 Ron turned
the binoculars back on Harry.
 Ron turned to the other two.
 Ron was
standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done.
 Ron was admiring the
cloak.
 Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than
looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn't keep
his eyes off them.
 Ron!
 Ron,
however, was to be working with Hermione Granger.
 She followed Ron through
the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.
 She struck Ron hard
across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor -
Hermione screamed but stayed on her square - the white queen dragged Ron
to one side.
 The horse pawed the
ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.
 The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe
hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning
its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.
 Then he
rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
 Then he looked up at Ron
and Hermione.
 Then he looked up at Ron and said, "If anything happens to
me, don't follow.
 Then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they
returned to the fire in the Gryffindor common room, where Harry broke in
his new chess set by losing spectacularly to Ron.
 There was so much to
learn that even people like Ron didn't have much of a head start.
 This seemed to cheer
Ron up.
 To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good
marks; Hermione, of course, had the best grades of the first years.
 Whenever Harry passed
Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron
had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.
 While Ron
told Hagrid all about Charlie's work with dragons, Harry picked up a
piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy.
 With
one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through
the door and up the next passageway.
 With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much
more slowly the next night.
 and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about be ing a
wizard or about my parents or Voldemort"

Ron gasped.
 just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead
with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.
"


"You do it, then, if you're so clever," Ron snarled.
"

"And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that Study of Recent
Developments in Wizardry," said Ron.
"

"And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said Ron.
"

"But this isn't soccer, Dean," Ron reminded him.
"

"But we're not six hundred years old," Ron reminded her.
"

"Don't be stupid," said Ron.
"

"Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting him," said Ron bitterly.
"

"Five," said Ron.
"

"Get out of the way," snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves this was a
big mistake.
"

"Good idea," said Ron nervously.
"

"Good of her to get us out of trouble like that," Ron admitted.
"

"He's lost his marbles," Ron muttered in Harry's ear.
"

"Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,"
snapped Ron.
"

"I hate maroon," Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head.
"

"I think I know who that one's from," said Ron, turning a bit pink and
pointing to a very lumpy parcel.
"

"I'm going to be a knight," said Ron.
"

"I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron, who'd had enough of
working.
"

"It -- well -- it shows me my family --"

"And it showed your friend Ron himself as head boy.
"

"It's obvious," said Ron.
"

"Neville, "Ron exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot
--"

"Don't you call me an idiot!
"

"Nope," said Ron.
"

"Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around.
"

"Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor
Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was
trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
"

"Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled
Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his
neck.
"

"Right," mumbled Ron.
"

"Right," said Ron.
"

"Ron --"

"Look, if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the Stone!
"

"Scabbers has been fighting, not us," said Ron, scowling at her.
"

"Shut up," said Ron again.
"

"Still famous," said Ron, grinning at him.
"

"Throw it away and punch him on the nose," Ron suggested.
"

"We've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said Ron, "quickly as
possible.
"

"Well, a second's there to take over if you die," said Ron casually,
getting started at last on his cold pie.
"

"Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," said Ron.
"

"Why aren't you wearing yours, Ron?
"

"Wow," said Ron.
"

"Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.
"

"Yeah," said Ron.
"

"Yes, but not to us," said Ron in exasperation.
"

"Yes, please," said Ron, but Harry cut him off.
"

"You can keep it," said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was.
"

"You can see them any old time," said Ron.
"

"You've got some nerve --" said Ron loudly.
"

And Ron pulled Harry out of the room.
"

And she let Ron and Hermione in.
"

Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy's elbow.
"

Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.
"

Both Harry and Ron stood up.
"

But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in
front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.
"

Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line
behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out
of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors
into the Great Hall.
"

Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - Ron leapt
forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a
horrible yell.
"

Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watching Ron think.
"

Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.
"

Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn't new to them.
"

Harry clapped loudly with the rest as Ron collapsed into the chair next
to him.
"

Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was.
"

Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn't
see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.
"

Harry suddenly turned to Ron.
"

Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.
"

Harry was going to ask Ron if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he
fell asleep almost at once.
"

Harry's stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he saw, looked pale under
his freckles.
"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn't speak to each other at all until they
came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy
after the grounds.
"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell
him.
"

Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his
attention and pointed at himself.
"

Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron
said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and
flopped under a tree.
"

Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn't.
"

It was Ginny Weasley, Ron's younger sister, but she wasn't pointing at
Ron.
"

Only Ron stood by him.
"

Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join
them.
"

Ron bit his lip.
"

Ron couldn't get worked up, it was too hot.
"

Ron couldn't resist it.
"

Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because
George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him.
"

Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.
"

Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry
streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and
with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one
hand.
"

Ron dropped his wand.
"

Ron examined the lock on the door.
"

Ron followed right away.
"

Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget.
"

Ron glared at her as she left.
"

Ron grabbed the binoculars.
"

Ron let go of the front of Malfoy's robes.
"

Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and
Neville.
"

Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a
corner.
"

Ron reached inside his jacket and pulled out a fat gray rat, which was
asleep.
"

Ron stared after her, his mouth open.
"

Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs.
"

Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class.
"

Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry.
"

Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.
"

Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into
the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.
"

She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and Ron read: The ancient
study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer's Stone, a
legendary substance with astonishing powers.
"

Someone had poked Ron in the back of the head.
"

The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down
different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still
discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one.
"

The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their
teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told
Hagrid all about their first -lessons.
"

This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kicked
him behind their cauldron.
"

When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.
" "Oh, we found out who he
is ages ago," said Ron impressively.
" Hagrid asked Ron.
" Harry and Ron went back to
the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's on Snape's
tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came
in.
" Harry asked Ron as he poured sugar on his
porridge.
" Harry asked Ron, holding up a pack of Chocolate Frogs.
" Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he
threw it as hard as he could against the wall.
" Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit
with Harry and Ron.
" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
" Ron
grinned at Harry.
" Ron asked as Harry joined them.
" Ron asked, sticking his head through the
branches.
" Ron asked.
" Ron bellowed.
" Ron blurted out.
" Ron called, his face pale but determined.
" Ron gritted his teeth and stepped carefully over the dog's
legs.
" Ron hissed.
" Ron looked dumbfounded.
" Ron moaned enviously.
" Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, "We're
done for!
" Ron muttered to Harry through the hangings.
" Ron said.
" Ron sounded amazed.
" Ron whispered to Harry.
" Ron whispered.
" asked Harry, who found Ron just as
interesting as Ron found him.
" breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.
" he asked Ron.
" hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin.
" moaned Ron, gray-faced.
" said Harry and Ron.
" said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished.
" said Ron eagerly.
" said Ron finally.
" said Ron furiously.
" said Ron grumpily.
" said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he
thought Voldemort could hear them.
" said Ron sleepily.
" said Ron softly, "It's the only way.
" said Ron suddenly.
" said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the
grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.
" said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she'd looked
something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages,
muttering to herself.
" said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable.
" said Ron, crouching over the fire to get
a closer look at the egg.
" said Ron, sounding both shocked and
impressed.
" said Ron, turning to his own pile, which
was a lot bigger than Harry's.
" said Ron.
" she said, looking at the sweets all over the
floor and Ron picking up Scabbers by his tail.
" shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the back.
" snapped Ron.
" whispered Ron.
" yelled Ron from the other side of the chamber, and he
threw a metal pipe at it.

hagrid 322


"'Course," said Hagrid.


"A Muggle," said Hagrid, "it's what we call nonmagic folk like thern.


"A wizard, o' course," said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which
groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once
yeh've been trained up a bit.


"Ah, Hagrid, the last tree -- put it in the far corner, would you?


"Ah, go boil yet heads, both of yeh," said Hagrid.


"Ah," said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, "That's er.


"All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said Hagrid.


"All yours," smiled Hagrid.


"Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin," said Hagrid darkly.


"Bin watchin' from me hut," said Hagrid, patting a large pair of
binoculars around his neck, "But it isn't the same as bein' in the
crowd.


"Call me Hagrid," he said, "everyone does.


"Can't have," Hagrid said, his voice shaking.


"Can't tell yeh that," said Hagrid mysteriously.


"Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to me on the way
back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said Hagrid.


"Don' mention it," said Hagrid gruffly.


"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up the grassy
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?


"Dunno what Harry thinks he's doing," Hagrid mumbled.


"Er -- yes, they did, yes," said Hagrid, shuffling his feet.


"Give him five Knuts," said Hagrid sleepily.


"Good evening to you, Hagrid," said Ronan.


"Good," said Hagrid.


"Got it," said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.


"Gringotts," said Hagrid.


"Hagrid -- what's that?


"Hagrid!


"Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," she said.


"Hagrid," he said quietly, "I think you must have made a mistake.


"Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved.


"Hagrid," said Harry loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going to
be as long as your house.


"Hagrid," said Hermione, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow,
exactly?


"He was provoked, Professor Snape," said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy
face out from behind the tree.


"He's got lots o' rats an' some brandy fer the journey," said Hagrid in
a muffled voice.


"Hi, Hagrid, want any help?


"Hullo, Bane," said Hagrid.


"I found out something about him," he told Hagrid.


"I've decided to call him Norbert," said Hagrid, looking at the dragon
with misty eyes.


"If yeh know where to go," said Hagrid.


"Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Ron, and they left
Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.


"Like I said, Yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it," said Hagrid.


"Look there," said Hagrid, "see that stuff shinin' on the ground?


"Make yerselves at home," said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded
straight at Ron and started licking his ears.


"Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid,"
said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them.


"Might as well get yer uniform," said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam
Malkin's Robes for All Occasions.


"Ministry o' Magic messin' things up as usual," Hagrid muttered, turning
the page.


"Morning," said Hagrid to a free goblin.


"Never," said Hagrid irritably, "try an' get a straight answer out of a
centaur.


"Not fast enough," said Hagrid.


"Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly.


"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something
strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured
-- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no
denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion --
asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types --
just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"

But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink
umbrella from inside his coat.


"Oh, it's you, Ronan," said Hagrid in relief.


"Oh, no, sit," said Hagrid quickly.


"Right then," said Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous
what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want no one takin' risks.


"Seems a shame ter row, though," said Hagrid, giving Harry another of
his sideways looks.


"Spells -- enchantments," said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he
spoke.


"Thank you, Hagrid.


"That wasn' no werewolf an' it wasn' no unicorn, neither," said Hagrid
grimly.


"That's Hagrid," said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn't.


"That's better," said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on
the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.


"The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid.


"There's nothin' that lives in the forest that'll hurt yeh if yer with
me or Fang," said Hagrid.


"This is Ron," Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a
large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.


"This is it," said Hagrid, coming to a halt, "the Leaky Cauldron.


"Um -- Hagrid?


"Very well," he said, handing it back to Hagrid, "I will have Someone
take you down to both vaults.


"We've heard," said Hagrid grumpily.


"Welcome," said Hagrid, "to Diagon Alley.


"Well, I've bin doin' some readin' , said Hagrid, pulling a large book
from under his pillow.


"Ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid called over
his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here.


"Yeah, you'll be needin' one," said Hagrid, "but we gotta get yer money
first.


"Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts," said Hagrid fiercely.


And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed,
Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were
handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the
holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Fred
Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats
that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express;
talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier;
eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns;
pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling
into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.


As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Harry
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much
to think about as tea with Hagrid.


But Hagrid wasn't listening.


Hagrid


Harry borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the
back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.


Hagrid

Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its
beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm.


Hagrid grinned at Harry.


Hagrid grunted.


Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag.


Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.


Hagrid looked shocked.


Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like
tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley.


Hagrid shuffled off.


Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and
sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.


Hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all Harry had to do
was keep close behind him.


Hagrid was watching him sadly.


Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched.


Hagrid, however, was on Dean's side.


Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old git.


Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively
beaming at him.


Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.


Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream Hagrid had bought him
(chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts).


Harry, who was looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and
Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Ron say, "Hagrid!


I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, I've read all about them!


I never know," Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart,
"what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?


It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because
the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to
him so far.


Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.


Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry's list again.


Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town
to the station.


So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to
Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.


The brick he had touched quivered -- it wriggled -- in the middle, a
small hole appeared -- it grew wider and wider -- a second later they
were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a
cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.


The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made
their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through
the Leaky Cauldron, now empty.


Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid.


They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid
had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape
was trying to steal?


They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time came for him to say
good-bye to Norbert if they hadn't been so worried about what they had
to do.

"Flew," said Hagrid.

"We've got to go and see Hagrid, now.

Hagrid was beaming.

Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy.

He came ter yer house an' -- an' --"

Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew
his nose with a sound like a foghorn.

Lucky they found Hagrid, don't you think?
 " Hagrid shuddered.
 "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
-- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -"

"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
the front door.
 "Hagrid
and my aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?
 "Hagrid told that stranger
how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that
cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk.
 "Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons!
 "Hagrid, can we
have a window open?
 "Hagrid, he'd have
found out somehow, this is Voldemort we're talking about, he'd have
found out even if you hadn't told him.
 "How about it, Hagrid?
 "I dreamed a giant called
Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards.
 "The
unicorn's dead, Hagrid, it's in that clearing back there.
 "There's an owl

"Pay him," Hagrid grunted into the sofa.
 "What did you talk to him
about, Hagrid?
 "You had better get back to Hagrid.
 A little way into it they reached a
fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left
path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
 Although Hagrid seemed to know
where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an
ordinary way.
 And Neville will play Quidditch for
England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.
 And did Hagrid know something about
Snape that he didn't want to tell Harry?
 As usual when he was
indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed.
 At last, Hagrid
managed to make himself heard over the babble.
 At the end nearest him sat
Hagrid, who caught his eye and gave him the thumbs up.
 Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered
him inside.
 Can I come
and meet Hagrid with you?
 Everyone seemed to know
Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a
glass, saying, "The usual, Hagrid?
 Had Hagrid collected that package
just in time?
 Hagrid
called "Who is it?
 Hagrid
folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the
street.
 Hagrid almost had to drag
Harry away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and
Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs,
Tongue- Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
 Hagrid and Harry made
for the counter.
 Hagrid could be seen from the
upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the Quidditch field, bundled
up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous
beaverskin boots.
 Hagrid greeted them,
looking flushed and excited.
 Hagrid had Norbert packed and ready in a large crate.
 Hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and
thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little
package.
 Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself.
 Hagrid hadn't been doing
his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy.
 Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the
forbidden forest.
 Hagrid made them tea and offered them
stoat sandwiches, which they refused.
 Hagrid must have
jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly
off the spindly chair.
 Hagrid picked it up and tucked it deep inside his coat.
 Hagrid pulled out
the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and
they sped off toward land.
 Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled
it over his head, "NEVER," he thundered, "- INSULT- ALBUS- DUMBLEDORE-
IN- FRONT- OF- ME!
 Hagrid took up two seats and
sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.
 Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet.
 Hagrid was fuming.
 Hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few
seconds, the sound faded away.
 Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing
at two large ice creams to show he couldn't come in.
 Hagrid was the only
one who ever sent him letters.
 Hagrid whooped and
clapped and Mr.
 Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.
 Hagrid, I've got to ask you something.
 Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not
to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.
 Hagrid, meanwhile, was
counting bricks in the wall above the trash can.
 Hagrid, who didn't understand "Muggle money," as he
called it, gave the bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets.
 Harry wanted to watch Hagrid until
he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against
the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone.
 Harry watched Hagrid
getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine,
finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry's
amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.
 He
putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had
given him for Christmas.
 He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his
gaze.
 He pulled
the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket.
 He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to
stay on as gamekeeper.
 He told Hagrid about the pate
boy in Madam Malkin's.
 He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were
clenched.
 He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them.
 I tell you, that dragon's the most horrible animal I've ever met,
but the way Hagrid goes on about it, you'd think it was a fluffy little
bunny rabbit.
 I thought we'd
be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, he'd

tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Hagrid growled.
 I'm sorry," Hagrid
added in a whisper to Harry, "but he'll have a harder time frightenin'
you, an' we've gotta get this done.
 I've read those letters and he needs
all sorts of rubbish -- spell books and wands and --"

"If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop him," growled
Hagrid.
 If Hagrid hadn't pointed it out,
Harry wouldn't have noticed it was there.
 If Harry hadn't known that the Dursleys had no sense of
humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything
Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn't help
trusting him.
 In fact, Harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and
Hagrid could see it.
 It was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair
that Hagrid sat on to wait.
 It was wrapped in thick brown paper and
scrawled across it was To Harry, from Hagrid.
 Like Hagrid, Fang was
clearly not as fierce as he looked.
 Not only was Hagrid twice as
tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like
parking meters and saying loudly, "See that, Harry?
 Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look.
 Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog
biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward
one of the doors leading off the hall.
 Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what
Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: "Some say he died.
 Please cheer up,
Hagrid, we saved the Stone, it's gone, he can't use it.
 Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other
room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door
behind them.
 Rubeus Hagrid!
 Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and
Grounds at Hogwarts.
 So I told him, Fluffy's a piece o' cake if yeh know how to
calm him down, jus' play him a bit o' music an' he'll go straight off
ter sleep --"

Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.
 Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a
uniform of scarlet and gold, was -

"Yeah, that's a goblin," said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white
stone steps toward him.
 The
few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to
deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could
fly off again.
 The hut was full of
sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed
sofa, and there was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper
held in its beak.
 The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid, who
didn't wake up.
 Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a
wounded dog.
 They climbed in -- Hagrid with some
difficulty -- and were off.
 They went
rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to
try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and
pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.
 Two enormous feet sticking out at
the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it.
 Up
another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized
where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.
 Well
-- give him here, Hagrid -- we'd better get this over with.
 What had Hagrid said?
 When they had left the shop, he said, "Hagrid, what's Quidditch?
 While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a
supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself
examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule,
glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).
 While Ron
told Hagrid all about Charlie's work with dragons, Harry picked up a
piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy.
 Yer very quiet," said Hagrid.
 You hang around with riffraff like the
Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you.
 and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about be ing a
wizard or about my parents or Voldemort"

Ron gasped.
 aren't you,
Hagrid?
"

"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid
importantly, throwing out his chest.
"

"Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid," said
Snape silkily.
"

"Can't be too careful, Ronan," said Hagrid, patting his crossbow.
"

"Can't, Harry, sorry," said Hagrid.
"

"Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great
hand on Harry's shoulder and making Harry's knees buckle.
"

"Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said Hagrid.
"

"Don't worry about that," said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his
head.
"

"Dunno," said Hagrid casually, "he wouldn' take his cloak off.
"

"Gallopin' Gorgons, that reminds me," said Hagrid, clapping a hand to
his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet
another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl -- a real, live,
rather ruffled-looking owl -- a long quill, and a roll of parchment.
"

"Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?
"

"Got it here somewhere," said Hagrid, and he started emptying his
pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits
over the goblin's book of numbers.
"

"Hagrid!
"

"Hagrid," said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say
there are dragons at Gringotts?
"

"I can't," said Hagrid.
"

"I shouldn't be too friendly to them, Hagrid," said Filch coldly,
they're here to be punished, after all.
"

"I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the
Muggle world except in very special circumstances," said Hagrid.
"

"I'm sayin' nothin, said Hagrid flatly.
"

"It was, sir, yes," said Hagrid.
"

"It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said Hagrid
loudly.
"

"Kept outta trouble, though, that's somethin'," said Hagrid, raising his
binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was Harry.
"

"Mars is bright tonight," Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him
impatiently.
"

"Mighta come up," said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember.
"

"Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly.
"

"Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know,
you know everything that goes on round here," said Hermione in a warm,
flattering voice.
"

"Rubbish," said Hagrid again.
"

"Rubbish," said Hagrid, who hadn't heard a word of what had gone on next
to him in the stands.
"

"S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and
burying his face in it.
"

"So what on earths Hagrid up to?
"

"Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said Hagrid.
"

"This is where I leave you," Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to
examine the unicorn.
"

"Well, so they say," said Hagrid.
"

"Where did you get it, Hagrid?
"

"Why don't we go down and visit Hagrid?
"

"Won it," said Hagrid.
"

"Yeah, but I was meanin' anythin' unusual a bit nearer home, said
Hagrid.
"

"Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his
bike back.
"

"Yeah," said Hagrid, "but have yeh seen anythin', Ronan?
"

"Yeah," said Hagrid, glancing up, too.
"

"Years an' years ago," said Hagrid.
"

"You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as
this?
"

A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious
look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled
with rage.
"

A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again,
but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and
wilder-looking than Ronan.
"

And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they could send -an owl to Charlie to
ask him.
"

Doris Crockford shook Harry's hand one last time, and Hagrid led them
through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was
nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.
"

Hagrid bit his lip.
"

Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel.
"

Hagrid dropped the teapot.
"

Hagrid frowned at him.
"

Hagrid gulped, but no words came out.
"

Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him back to the
Dursleys, then handed him an envelope.
"

Hagrid leaned across the table.
"

Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.
"

Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but
Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had
been a horrible mistake.
"

Hagrid looked furious with himself.
"

Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle
door.
"

Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a
towering oak.
"

Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back.
"

Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke.
"

Hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from his face
-- he leapt to his feet and ran to the window.
"

Hagrid wiped his nose on the back of his hand and said, "That reminds
me.
"

Hagrid wouldn't let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either ("It says
pewter on yer list"), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing
potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope.
"

Harry couldn't speak, but Hagrid understood.
"

Harry followed Hagrid out onto the rock.
"

Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the
Daily Prophet.
"

Harry told Hagrid about Snape's lesson.
"

Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose.
"

Harry's heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it
wouldn't be so bad.
"

He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small
door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the
wall to stop his knees from trembling.
"

He shook his head and then, to Harry's relief, spotted Hagrid.
"

Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along
behind her.
"

I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore.
"

Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join
them.
"

Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a
steep, narrow path.
"

So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great
Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with
the Christmas decorations.
"

The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their
teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told
Hagrid all about their first -lessons.
"

There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didn't meet Harry's eyes
this time.
"

They found Fang, the boarhound, sitting outside with a bandaged tail
when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them.
"

They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, trying to
imagine him flying.
"

To his surprise, Hagrid chuckled.
"

Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself
onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose
into the air and off into the night.
"

Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes
when he said that.
" But
Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, "About our world, I mean.
" Hagrid asked Ron.
" Hagrid asked.
" Hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little
boats sitting in the water by the shore.
" Hagrid called.
" Hagrid drew himself up proudly.
" Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening.
" Hagrid looked shocked.
" Hagrid murmured.
" Hagrid ran his fingers through his
hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.
" Hagrid shouted.
" Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the
crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.
" Hagrid stared wildly at Harry.
" Hagrid thundered.
" Hagrid whispered.
" Harry bellowed, and Hagrid was so shocked, he stopped
crying.
" asked Hagrid.
" barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back
into the shadows.
" roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys
scuttled back to their corner.
" said Hagrid again.
" said Hagrid hotly.
" said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still
ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.
" said Hagrid, following them out of the hall.
" said Hagrid, frowning at Filch.
" said Hagrid, glancing at Ron's freckles.
" said Hagrid, who was checking the
boats as people climbed out of them.
" said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots.
" said Hagrid.
" said Harry anxiously, and at last
Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.
" said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and
remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard.
" shouted Hagrid,
who had a boat to himself.
" sobbed Hagrid.
" yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they
all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain
of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face.

were 285



CHAPTER TEN

HALLOWEEN

Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were
still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.


"Better you than me," they said together, but Harry had an idea that
Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.


"I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --"

"Bet you could," Ron muttered.


"I'd be careful if I were you, Potter," he said slowly.


"Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you," she said, once they were all
gathered around her.


"Now, yer mum an' dad were as good a witch an' wizard as I ever knew.


"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something
strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured
-- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no
denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion --
asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types --
just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"

But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink
umbrella from inside his coat.


"Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried
--"

"The whole school's talking about it," said Ron.


"Oh, I will," said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was
spreading over his face.


"Please, Professor McGonagall -- they were looking for me.


"So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and Snape's trying to
force Quirrell to help him get it.


"Unless you get out now," said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because
Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.


"We know Oliver's speech by heart," Fred told Harry, "we were on the
team last year.


"We were --" Harry began, without any idea what he was going to say.


"We'll be lucky ter catch anythin' now, with the racket you two were
makin'.


"Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have
taken on a full-grown mountain troll.


"What on earth were you thinking of?


"Which means, Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even
Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, "we
need a little change of decoration.


A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor
-- and the door was already ajar.


A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a
vast marble hall.


And now there were only three people left to be sorted.


And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed,
Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were
handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the
holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Fred
Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats
that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express;
talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier;
eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns;
pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling
into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.


And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes
themselves.


And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of
his grandfathers nodding happily.


At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he caught a
few words of what they were saying.


But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something
else.


Charlie's friends were a cheery lot.


Hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and
sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl.


Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Fitch "that old git.


Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but
come they did.


Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the
next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether they'd ever
see him alive again.


Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a
Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup
match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest
players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to
them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had
been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.


Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the
beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.


Harry sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the
red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying.


He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without
Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he
tripped and fell over.


Meanwhile, in the locker room, Harry and the rest of the team were
changing into their scarlet Quidditch robes (Slytherin would be playing
in green).


No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.


On the last day of August he thought he'd better speak to his aunt and
uncle about getting to King's Cross station the next day, so he went
down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on
television.


Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time
to think much about Flamel.


Snape and Filch were inside, alone.


The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying
in neat lines on the ground.


The Slytherins were cheering.


The brick he had touched quivered -- it wriggled -- in the middle, a
small hole appeared -- it grew wider and wider -- a second later they
were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a
cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.


The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle.


The first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging
out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats.


The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and
Neville at the breakfast table.


The trees were so thick he couldn't see where Snape had gone.


Then a pain like he'd never felt before pierced his head; it was as
though his scar were on fire.


Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry's new
resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern him was put
to an unexpected test.


There he was, reflected in it, white and scared-looking, and there,
reflected behind him, were at least ten others.


There they were.


There were a hundred and forty-two staircases at Hogwarts: wide,
sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different
on a Friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to
remember to jump.


They bought Harry's school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts
where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as
paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in
covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with
nothing in them at all.


They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid
had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape
was trying to steal?


They were going even deeper now and gathering speed.


They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that
filled the whole space between ceiling and floor.


They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black
chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what
looked like black stone.


When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown
relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
Dursleys were his only family.


When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour later,
they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed.

"Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," Ron sighed, as evening
after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were
getting.

After taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match
and started trying to turn it into a needle.

All three of them were laughing.

But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that,
they were proud of having a witch in the family!

Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the
shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each
other ten feet away.

Half terrified, half furious, they acted as though any chair with Harry
in it were empty.

Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it
wrong for years.

His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon
spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been
broken at least twice.

If yeh think yer father'd rather you were expelled, then get back off
ter the castle an' pack.

Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the
three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite
keen to have another one.

It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving
around the edge.

It might've been happening while we were there!

It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for
something.

Norris, but they were lucky.

Now they were speeding past fields full of cows and sheep.

Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten
minutes during their breaks.

Ron's were a bit short for him, you could see his sneakers underneath
them.

The Dursleys were cowering against the wall.

The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were
going to end up as Mrs.

There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more
goblins were showing people in and out of these.

These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets.

They were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels.

They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape
crossed the yard.

They were trapped.

Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in
danger.

Worst of all were Professor Snape's classes down in the dungeons, where
their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as
possible to their hot cauldrons.

Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they
were able to pull free.
 "But they were
our kind, weren't they?
 "I brought Ron round --
that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact
Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he
just said, 'Harry's gone after him, hasn't he?
 "Look," Harry heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus
Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops
selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen
before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes,
tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
bottles, globes of the moon.
 "Mom
and Dad were in it, too.
 "They were some of the
first to come back to our side after You-Know-Who disappeared.
 "We were
wondering if you could tell us what's guarding the Sorcerer's Stone
apart from Fluffy.
 "Were you going to shoot me?
 A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the
front door.
 A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning
all the armchairs into hunched black shadows.
 A few old women were
sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry.
 A few people below were clapping.
 About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high
stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing
coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.
 And you were the one who told me to stand up to
people!
 Anyway, what
does he know about it, some o' the best I ever saw were the only ones
with magic in 'em in a long line 0' Muggles -- look at yer mum!
 As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except
snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were
all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had
nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to
squeeze him to death.
 At either end
of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end.
 At last, only the
Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march.
 At the
top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting.
 At the top of a spiral staircase -- they were
obviously in one of the towers -- they found their beds at last: five
four-posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains.
 Behind the glass, all sorts
of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and
stone.
 Both of them were
thickset and looked extremely mean.
 Both of them were thinking about what they
were about to do.
 Dudley's snores were drowned by the
low rolls of thunder that started near midnight.
 Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister, because her
sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was
possible to be.
 Dursley that this was probably some
silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for something.
 Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say
that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.
 Even Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they
were going.
 Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make
Neville's toad zoom around the classroom.
 Facing them, way across the chamber, were the
white pieces.
 Filch says you were
up in the astronomy tower.
 Got 'em, too -- some were
afraid, some just wanted a bit o' his power, 'cause he was gettin'
himself power, all right.
 Gryffindors up and down the table were beside
themselves -- they were a hundred points up.
 Had that been what the thieves were looking for?
 Hams and pheasants were hanging from the
ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner
stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over it.
 Harry and Ron were followed
into their boat by Neville and Hermione.
 Harry and Seamus swished and flicked, but the
feather they were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the
desktop.
 Harry didn't speak at all as they walked
down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at
them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped
packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry's lap.
 Harry jumped; he had almost
forgotten that the Dursleys were there.
 Harry strained to catch what they were saying.
 Harry's knees were trembling.
 Harry's legs were
like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food.
 Harry,
Ron, and Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view;
they were sure it wouldn't be allowed.
 He
didn't know what time it was and he couldn't be sure the Dursleys were
asleep yet.
 He couldn't
see how they were going to get out of trouble this time.
 He couldn't know that at this very
moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up
their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy
who lived!
 He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole
life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.
 He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and
complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.
 He had the nasty feeling they were being
watched.
 He liked to
complain about things: people at work, Harry, the council, Harry, the
bank, and Harry were just a few of his favorite subjects.
 He looked even smaller and
skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes
of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was.
 He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild - long
tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands
the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were
like baby dolphins.
 He slipped into a seat between Ron and Hermione
at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were
standing up to look at him.
 He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were
shaking with laughter.
 He tried to
catch it, but his arms were too heavy.
 He was careful to
walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who
were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn't fall
back on their favorite hobby of hitting him.
 He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were
clenched.
 He was pale and his eyes were glittering.
 He was sure there were
lots of people called Potter who had a son called Harry.
 He was tall,
thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which
were both long enough to tuck into his belt.
 He wouldn't believe they were lost, was
sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening
to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor
Quirrell, who was passing.
 Her lips were white.
 Hermione was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come
across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break.
 His
eyes were black like Hagrid's, but they had none of Hagrid's warmth.
 His
lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had
mastered the basics.
 His last, comforting
thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were
involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs.
 His school
books were very interesting.
 Hopefully your heads are all a
little fuller than they were.
 Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that
the spectators were high enough to see what was going on.
 I arrived in time to
prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.
 I believe your
friends Misters Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to
send you a toilet seat.
 I reckon he had a pretty
good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just
taught us enough to help.
 If he'd known who yeh were -- he's grown
up knowin' yer name if his parents are wizardin' folk.
 If she was really there, he'd touch her, their
reflections were so close together, but he felt only air -- she and the
others existed only in the mirror.
 Inside were four different-sized balls.
 Inside were mounds of gold coins.
 It looked
as if Norbert's fangs were poisonous.
 It sloped steeply downward and there were little
railway tracks on the floor.
 It was
holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its
arms were so long.
 It was
lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in midair
over four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting.
 It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their
feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn
on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees
were swaying darkly in the distance.
 It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late
arriving at Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get
out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis
against the wall.
 It was always a nasty shock when one of
them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open.
 It was on
his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he
caught a few words of what they were saying.
 Its long, slender legs were stuck out at
odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on
the dark leaves.
 Its spiny wings were huge
compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils,
the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.
 Lots of people had come from Muggle families and, like him, hadn't
had any idea that they were witches and wizards.
 Malfoy,
Neville, and Fang were with him.
 Mom didn't tell
him she was a witch 'til after they were married.
 My -- my mom and dad weren't famous, were they?
 Nearly
Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right
direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a
trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class.
 Neck
and neck they hurtled toward the Snitch -all the Chasers seemed to have
forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to
watch.
 Neville's jaws were jammed together so he
couldn't speak.
 Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green
hills.
 Now they were
facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved
upon them:

Enter, stranger, but take heed

Of what awaits the sin of greed,

For those who take, but do not earn,

Must pay most dearly in their turn.
 Of
course, his birthdays were never exactly fun -- last year, the Dursleys
had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks.
 Ollivander had come so close that he and Harry were almost nose to
nose.
 Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.
 Or were they all invisible,
too?
 Other shelves were full of books.
 Perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell
when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Neville's
voice that said only too clearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the
ground.
 Perhaps they
thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd
heard footsteps, because a second later, Hermione Granger had come in.
 Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and
Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and
stupidest of the lot, he was the leader.
 Potions
lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so
horrible to Harry.
 Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox
-- points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if
it had whiskers.
 Ron and Hermione were a
very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry
told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.
 Ron and his brothers were staying,
too, because Mr.
 Slowly, very slowly, it raised
its head until its eyes were on a level with Harry's.
 Smiling and waving at him
from every page were his mother and father.
 Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the
boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway.
 The
points are all in and Slytherin won, of course -- you missed the last
Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you -- but
the food'll be good.
 The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were tickling the
tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows.
 The dark shapes of desks and chairs
were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper
basket -- but propped against the wall facing him was something that
didn't look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone
had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
 The day before Harry's first Quidditch match the three of them
were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured
them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.
 The dishes in front of him were now piled with
food.
 The idea
of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didn't keep visiting them in
dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn't have much
time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.
 The lake froze solid and the
Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that
they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.
 The pain in his head
lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and
saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering
before his eyes.
 The rest of them were all quite
happy to join in Dudley's favorite sport: Harry Hunting.
 The stone walls were lit
with flaming torches like the ones at Gringotts, the ceiling was too
high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing them led to
the upper floors.
 Then he'd realized that nobody found this funny,
because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay
on his bucking broomstick.
 Then there were doors that wouldn't open unless you
asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors
that weren't really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending.
 There
were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor.
 There were
splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been
thrashing around in pain close by.
 There were deep cracks in it.
 There were four
sandwiches inside.
 There were no photographs of them in the house.
 There were only two rooms.
 There were still spots of
unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.
 These fantastic party favors were nothing like the
feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their little
plastic toys and their flimsy paper hats inside.
 These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never
taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced
Defense Against the Dark Arts.
 They
reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle

children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.
 They
walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until
the path became almost impossible to follow because the trees were so
thick.
 They
were all really pleased, Gran was crying, she was so happy.
 They
were bound to notice something.
 They
were the only things in the room that looked as though they'd never been
touched.
 They climbed in -- Hagrid with some
difficulty -- and were off.
 They had the dormitory to themselves and the
common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the
good armchairs by the fire.
 They sat by the hour eating anything they
could spear on a toasting fork -- bread, English muffins, marshmallows
-- and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk
about even if they wouldn't work.
 They stopped and so
did he, just near enough to hear what they were saying.
 They were
cornered.
 They were
quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past.
 They were all the same:

Your detention will take place at eleven o'clock tonight.
 They were all very
impressed and couldn't wait to get started, but soon realized they
weren't going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time.
 They were carried
along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the
castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they
clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.
 They were half hoping for a reason
to fight Malfay, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble
quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.
 They were in a corridor.
 They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with
flaming torches.
 They were off.
 They were passing through a
particularly dense patch of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly
stopped.
 They were sure she'd be
able to tell them, but they couldn't risk Snape hearing what they were
up to.
 They were the last
people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious,
because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.
 They were whispering excitedly together.
 They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were
ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.
 This bunch were whispering
excitedly, too, and he couldn't see a single collecting tin.
 This was exactly like
Muggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot
like directing troops in battle.
 Those
silvery eyes were a bit creepy.
 Three times a week they went out to the
greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little
witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of
all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.
 Twelve times
he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street
were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat
watching him.
 Until they were, he couldn't risk sneaking to the kitchen
for some food.
 Up
another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized
where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder.
 Very strange strangers
they were, too.
 Weasley were going to Romania to visit
Charlie.
 Were there really shops that sold spell books and
broomsticks?
 What
she did have were Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, Drooble's Best
Blowing Gum, Chocolate Frogs.
 What came next happened
so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, Piers and Dudley were
leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with
howls of horror.
 What did the stranger you were playing cards
with look like?
 Where were the others?
 Written in narrow,
loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words: Your
father left this in my possession before he died.
 Yes, boy, your
parents were brave.
 and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today.
 if it got out that they were related to a pair of
-- well, he didn't think he could bear it.
 just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead
with cold, Harry spotted the suit of armor.
 probably knew
they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin' ter do with the
Dark Side.
"

"Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and
that's saying something.
"

"No problems, were there?
"

"They were a witch and wizard, if that's what you mean.
"

"You nearly were, I couldn't have kept him off the Stone much longer --"

"Not the Stone, boy, you -- the effort involved nearly killed you.
"

As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry's mind
was racing and his spirits were low.
"

Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on
it, the other a G.
"

Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was.
"

Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone.
"

Harry's heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it
wouldn't be so bad.
"

He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his pocket and a few
minutes later, he and Harry were up in the air, Wood throwing the golf
balls as hard as he could in every direction for Harry to catch.
"

Hermione and Neville were suffering, too.
"

Hermione's eyes were wide.
"

On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
thing -- ").
"

Ron's nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety
about Harry.
"

So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great
Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with
the Christmas decorations.
"

Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the stands.
"

The Weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale
boy in Diagon Alley had talked about.
"

The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down
different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still
discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one.
"

The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their
teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told
Hagrid all about their first -lessons.
"

The twins were back.
"

They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and
Dudley were still in the room.
"
There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or
Mrs.
" "All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said
when you're on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"

But what they were, they didn't find out.
" "Why were you expelled?
" Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not
looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead,
without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped
through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled
along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was
miles from the trophy room.
" were his first words.

hermione 247


"Brilliant," said Hermione.


"Come on, Hermione," Ron muttered desperately.


"Don't play," said Hermione at once.


"Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I could if it
was me," said Hermione.


"Granger, Hermione!


"Hagrid," said Hermione, "how fast do Norwegian Ridgebacks grow,
exactly?


"He's doing something -- jinxing the broom," said Hermione.


"Hermione!


"Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon
hatching?


"Hermione, the exams are ages away.


"I knew it," Hermione gasped, "Snape -- look.


"I'm going to play," he told Ron and Hermione.


"I've heard of those," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of
Every Flavor Beans he'd gotten from Hermione.


"I've just thought -- Hermione.


"I've never seen Snape look so mean," he told Hermione.


"It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw him.


"It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Hermione, but this
didn't soothe Ron at all.


"It's the full Body-Bind," said Hermione miserably.


"It's too late to change the plan now," Harry told Hermione.


"Just one," said Hermione.


"Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione," said Harry as he
joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.


"No, no, no," said Hermione.


"Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Hermione muttered as Ron
slipped his wand up his sleeve.


"Oh, move over," Hermione snarled.


"Pretend to break your leg," Hermione suggested.


"Second -- to Miss Hermione Granger.


"Sit down," he snapped at Hermione.


"That was far easier than I thought it would be," said Hermione as they
joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds.


"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely,
Harry and Ron thought.


"We're coming," said Hermione.


"Well, I got back all right," said Hermione.


"You all right, Hermione?


"You're right Harry," said Hermione in a small voice.


"You're saying it wrong," Harry heard Hermione snap.


As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous,
whatever he told Ron and Hermione.


But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed
back into bed.


But from that moment on, Hermione Granger became their friend.


Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and
Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was
still growling inside.


Everyone fell over laughing except Hermione, who leapt up and performed
the countercurse.


Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads.


Harry and Hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day
to find Ron in a terrible state in bed.


Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog,
the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas.


Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.


Harry knew, when they wished him good luck outside the locker rooms the
next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether they'd ever
see him alive again.


Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on
Astronomy.


He, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway together.


Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was.


Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if
she was about to faint.


Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry
and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer
for it.


Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and
was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.


Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on
her.


Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand --
not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell
that came into his head: "Wingardium Leviosa!


Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry.


Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was
smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.


Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exactly how to use the
Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beckoned
them all forward.


Hermione ran to turn him over.


Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flicked her wand, and said,
"Wingardium Leviosa!


Hermione stepped forward.


Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to
search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them
off the shelves at random.


Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron, but she was such a
bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus.


Hermione wasn't going to give up that easily.


Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer's Stone.


Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different
view of things.


His next present also contained candy -- a large box of Chocolate Frogs
from Hermione.


I -- told -you," Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest,
"I -- told -- you.


It was Hermione who spoke first.


Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Harry had seen in the forest,
or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron
and Hermione didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.


Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay
underneath the dog and the trapdoor.


Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end,
Hermione agreed to run down to Hagrid's with the other two during
morning break.


Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in
the top row.


Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to
Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or
why they had both brought their wands to the match.


Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week
made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous.


The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a
knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces
and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron,
and Hermione took.


The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and
Neville at the breakfast table.


The rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the
end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the Gryffindor common
room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing chess.


The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione.

Come on, Hermione!

Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had
entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out
of their minds.

They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and
Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.

They had just passed a bend in the path when Hermione grabbed Hagrid's
arm.

Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in
danger.
 "I think Hermione does, though, why
don't you try her?
 "If Quirrell's told him how to break
his Anti-Dark Force spell --"

"There's still Fluffy, though," said Hermione.
 "Leaves you free to
take that bishop, Hermione, go on.
 "Ron, you come at it from above -- Hermione,
stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it.
 "Want to go first,
Hermione?
 A little way into it they reached a
fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left
path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
 All
right, Harry, Hermione?
 By the end of the lesson,
only Hermione Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor
McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and
gave Hermione a rare smile.
 Chess was the only
thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very
good for her.
 Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if
he could have it.
 Give the flute to Hermione so she can keep him asleep.
 Harry
and Hermione walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn't come
quickly enough.
 Harry and Ron beamed at
Hermione.
 Harry and Ron were followed
into their boat by Neville and Hermione.
 Harry,
Ron, and Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view;
they were sure it wouldn't be allowed.
 Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly -- the towering
white chessmen had no faces.
 Harry, Ron, and
Hermione sat together next to a window.
 Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and
cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people
hugging him.
 He
heard

Hermione whisper, "Its bewitched to look like the sky outside.
 He half expected Hermione to
complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn't
say a word.
 He slipped into a seat between Ron and Hermione
at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were
standing up to look at him.
 He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour
in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him
onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and
down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
 He was being made a cup of strong tea back
in Hagrid's hut, with Ron and Hermione.
 He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game
when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the
toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.
 He, Ron, and Hermione had already agreed they'd better not
ask Madam Pince where they could find Flamel.
 He, Ron, and Hermione kept to
themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the
ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart,
memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions.
 Hermione
was trembling.
 Hermione
wouldn't hear of it.
 Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and
looked desperate to start proving that she wasn't a dunderhead.
 Hermione Granger's had simply rolled over on the ground, and
Neville's hadn't moved at all.
 Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a
teacher?
 Hermione did a sort of jig.
 Hermione had now started making study schedules for Harry and
Ron, too.
 Hermione had stopped drawing attention to herself in
class, keeping her head down and working in silence.
 Hermione had turned to the
portrait of the Fat Lady to get back inside and found herself facing an
empty painting.
 Hermione ignored him.
 Hermione stood up, her crossed fingers in her
mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet.
 Hermione was checking Harry and
Ron's Charms homework for them.
 Hermione was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come
across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break.
 Hermione was stomping up the stairs,
looking disapprovingly at the package in Harry's hand.
 Hermione was the last
person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending
she had, to get them out of trouble.
 Hermione, however, stood alone by the door, waiting
for them.
 Hermione, who had all her
fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, who was
circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Snitch.
 Hermione, you'd better do that.
 In a matter of seconds, though, he was wide-eyed as
Harry began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the forest.
 In the few seconds' silence, the dog
growled and twitched, but the moment Hermione began to play, it fell
back into its deep sleep.
 It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe
and a frown.
 It was Hermione Granger.
 It was Hermione.
 It was hard
to relax with Hermione next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon's
blood or practicing wand movements.
 It was hard to tell
whether Ron or Hermione was angrier about this.
 Little did Harry
know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker
Curse.
 No one was talking much except Hermione Granger, who was whispering
very fast about all the spells she'd learned and wondering which one
she'd need.
 Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I
mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
will be enough -- I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.
 On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast,
Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that
Hermione was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone.
 Perhaps they
thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd
heard footsteps, because a second later, Hermione Granger had come in.
 Right, we're changin' groups -- Neville, you stay with me an'
Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an' this idiot.
 Ron and Hermione were a
very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry
told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.
 Ron,
however, was to be working with Hermione Granger.
 She struck Ron hard
across the head with her stone arm, and he crashed to the floor -
Hermione screamed but stayed on her square - the white queen dragged Ron
to one side.
 The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Hermione
was locked out of Gryffindor tower.
 Then Hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that
the paint flashed different colors.
 Then he looked up at Ron
and Hermione.
 There was a loud bark from the dog, but
Hermione had already jumped.
 They showed Harry and Hermione the
harness they'd rigged up, so they could suspend Norbert between them.
 They tugged and heaved at the door, but it
wouldn't budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.
 This is Harry Potter an'
Hermione Granger, by the way.
 To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good
marks; Hermione, of course, had the best grades of the first years.
 Wednesday night found Hermione and Harry
sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to
bed.
 When he tried to
explain this, Hermione said, "That's just the exams.
 With
one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through
the door and up the next passageway.
 they can't be here just for decoration," said Hermione.
"

"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving
very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Hermione in a
sniffy voice.
"

"But what can we --"

Hermione gasped.
"

"Erm --"

"A bit," said Hermione timidly.
"

"Go to Madam Pomfrey," Hermione suggested.
"

"Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,"
snapped Ron.
"

"Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Hermione, looking
uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so
unpleasant.
"

"I almost told your brother," Hermione snapped, "Percy -- he's a
prefect, he'd put a stop to this.
"

"Just a bit of toast," wheedled Hermione.
"

"Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field," said Hermione.
"

"Malfoy tricked you," Hermione said to Harry.
"

"NOF Harry and Hermione shouted.
"

"Not if I can help it," said Hermione grimly.
"

"Of course not," said Hermione briskly.
"

"Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know,
you know everything that goes on round here," said Hermione in a warm,
flattering voice.
"

"Positive," said Hermione.
"

"Ten weeks," Hermione snapped.
"

"Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Hermione.
"

"We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all," said Hermione.
"

"Well, " Hermione exploded, "if he did -- I mean to say that's terrible
-- you could have been killed.
"

"Well, Harry, you take the place of that bishop, and Hermione, YOU 90
next to him instead of that castle.
"

"You sound like Hermione.
"

And she let Ron and Hermione in.
"

At these words, Hermione seized Hagrid's binoculars, but instead of
looking up at Harry, she started looking frantically at the crowd.
"

At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon
ceiling.
"

Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.
"

Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a
towering oak.
"

Harry and Hermione didn't get a chance to answer.
"

Harry and Hermione followed him out of the clearing, staring over their
shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees blocked their view.
"

Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watching Ron think.
"

Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.
"

Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was.
"

Harry turned to Hermione.
"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn't speak to each other at all until they
came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy
after the grounds.
"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell
him.
"

He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione didn't.
"

Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head.
"

Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron
said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and
flopped under a tree.
"

Hermione and Neville were suffering, too.
"

Hermione buried her face in her arms; Harry strongly suspected she had
burst into tears.
"

Hermione didn't turn up for the next class and wasn't seen all
afternoon.
"

Hermione had got both her breath and her bad temper back again.
"

Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last.
"

Hermione hung her head.
"

Hermione jumped to her feet.
"

Hermione left.
"

Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn't.
"

Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was
glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
"

Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.
"

Hermione marched away with her nose in the air.
"

Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.
"

Hermione read the paper several times.
"

Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without
her leaving her seat, but Harry didn't have the faintest idea what a
bezoar was.
"

Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.
"

Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along
behind her.
"

It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a teacher's
question.
"

On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
thing -- ").
"

Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough space to join
them.
"

Ron dived, Hermione rocketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry
streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and
with a nasty, crunching noise, pinned it against the stone with one
hand.
"

Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and
Neville.
"

The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron's eyes, but Hermione
answered before Harry could.
"

They hadn't even reached the end of the corridor when Hermione caught up
with them.
"

Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines
as Hermione.
" "Of course not," said Hermione.
" Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione covered the
crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath it themselves.
" Harry and Ron went back to
the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's on Snape's
tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came
in.
" Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward
the door, but she couldn't move, she was still flat against the wall,
her mouth open with terror.
" He turned to
Hermione.
" Hermione
went on.
" Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit
with Harry and Ron.
" Hermione cried, wringing her
hands.
" Hermione ordered them.
" Hermione said anxiously.
" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
" Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles.
" Hermione squeaked.
" Hermione urged Neville.
" Hermione whispered.
" asked Hermione.
" cried Hermione.
" panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up.
" said Hermione in alarm.
" said Hermione nervously.
" said Hermione suddenly, "Harry --"

"What?
" said Hermione thoughtfully.
" said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it,
muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had
used on Snape at the plant.
" said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished.
" said Hermione.
" said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she'd looked
something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages,
muttering to herself.
" shouted Hermione Granger.
" shrieked Hermione, dancing up and down on
her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.
" shrieked Hermione.
" whispered Hermione.
'"

"Oh, shut up," said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for
Snape.
))

"We'd noticed," said Hermione faintly.

been 205



CHAPTER FIFTEEN

THE FORIBIDDEN FOREST

Things couldn't have been worse.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN

NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK

Quirrell, however, must have been braver than they'd thought.


"A wizard, o' course," said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which
groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once
yeh've been trained up a bit.


"Harry, where have you been?


"I have also been asked by Mr.


"I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor
McGonagall.


"Now, don't forget that nice wrist movement we've been practicing!


"Potter's been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Malfoy quickly.


"The one we've all been waiting for," said George.


"Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know
I'll be in Slytherin, all our family have been -- imagine being in
Hufflepuff, I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?


"What has been going on?


"Where on earth have you all been?


"You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was
wandering around at night, and somebody's been in the library Restricted
Section.


"You don't think they've been hurt, do you?


"Your father would have been proud," she said.


A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so
suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd just popped out of the
ground.


Another time, Aunt Petunia had been trying to force him into a revolting
old sweater of Dudley's (brown with orange puff balls) -- The harder she
tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to become, until
finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn't fit
Harry.


As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Harry
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much
to think about as tea with Hagrid.


At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the
house points the next day thought there'd been a mistake.


Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken.


Had Harry thought that things couldn't have been worse?


Harry did the best he could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his
forehead, which had been bothering him ever since his trip into the
forest.


Harry had never been to London before.


Harry hadn't had a single letter since Hagrid's note, something that
Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course.


Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a
Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup
match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest
players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to
them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had
been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert.


He'd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as
long as he could remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his parents
had died in that car crash.


I think he's been knocked out," Ron said to Harry.


It had been Harry's best Christmas day ever.


Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the
big, squashy something had been his uncle's face.


Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his
grandmother had never let him near one.


Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive.


Once, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry coming back from the barbers looking
as though he hadn't been at all, had taken a pair of kitchen scissors
and cut his hair so short he was almost bald except for his bangs, which
she left "to hide that horrible scar.


Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry
had always been small and skinny for his age.


So if you seek beneath our floors

A treasure that was never yours,

Thief, you have been warned, beware

Of finding more than treasure there.


The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he'd never been
allowed to eat as much as he liked.


The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a
knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces
and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron,
and Hermione took.


The class everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense
Against the Dark Arts, but Quirrell's lessons turned out to be a bit of
a joke.


There have been many reports of the Sorcerer's Stone over the centuries,
but the only Stone currently in existence belongs to Mr.


They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid
had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape
was trying to steal?


They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time came for him to say
good-bye to Norbert if they hadn't been so worried about what they had
to do.


When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown
relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
Dursleys were his only family.

"Nice to see you haven't been brooding about that mirror.

Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it
wrong for years.

He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but
because no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him.

His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon
spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been
broken at least twice.

His name's been down ever since he was born.

I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far
the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw
wouldn't be too bad.

Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the
three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite
keen to have another one.

It might've been happening while we were there!

Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch
match.

Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week
in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he
couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.

Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a
large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -- but Dudley
Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large
blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a
computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother.

They hadn't realized how loudly they had been talking.

They hadn't realized what a racket they had been making, but of course,
someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll's roars.
 "Ever since you
mentioned Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is.
 "Hagrid told that stranger
how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that
cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk.
 "I've been thinking.
 "Oh, I see -- so you've never been to
Brazil?
 "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the
world --" And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the
positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to
with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had the
money.
 "So it has been
for ages past, so it is now.
 "The planets have been read
wrongly before now, even by centaurs.
 "We
must've been through hundreds of books already and we can't find him
anywhere -- just give us a hint -- I know I've read his name somewhere.
 After a minute's
weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large
silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and
stuffed roughly into the keyhole.
 All this 'You- Know-Who' nonsense -- for eleven years I
have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name:
Voldemort.
 Although owls normally
hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been
hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since
sunrise.
 And all the time there
had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London.
 As for Harry and Ron, their legs
had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing.
 As for the Stone, it has
been destroyed.
 As they
couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door,
slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small
window in the downstairs bathroom.
 But then, he thought, as he shoved
Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
 By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew he'd
been wrong.
 Centaurs are concerned with
what has been foretold!
 Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private
school, Smeltings.
 Dudley's gang had been chasing him as
usual when, as much to Harry's surprise as anyone else's, there he was
sitting on the chimney.
 Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat
on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness.
 Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have
been wild to get his hands on some of these.
 Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs
turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose
the house cup.
 Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make
Neville's toad zoom around the classroom.
 Everyone was eating the food that
had been sent up.
 Fred and George have lost loads
of points in all the time they've been here, and people still like
them.
 Had that been what the thieves were looking for?
 Hagrid hadn't been doing
his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping him so busy.
 Harry had been quite right to
think she wasn't a teacher to cross.
 Harry looked behind him
and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the
words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.
 Harry was remembering his trip to Diagon
Alley -how could he have been so stupid?
 Harry's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which
was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye).
 He
had been held up by Madam Pomfrey's fussing about, insisting on giving
him one last checkup, so the Great Hall was already full.
 He
wouldn't have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself -- no
company except stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying
to disturb it all day long.
 He also thought he had been called a Muggle, whatever that
was.
 He bent his
great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very
scratchy, whiskery kiss.
 He had been
so busy getting away from the library, he hadn't paid attention to where
he was going.
 He had been down at
Hagrid's hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by
the crate.
 He had been hugged by a complete
stranger.
 He had been to school, after
all, and his marks weren't bad.
 He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wasn't somewhere in
there.
 He hadn't been lying, he could fly well.
 He looked as if he'd been knocked out.
 He rolled onto his
back and tried to remember the dream he had been having.
 He said
he'd been looking for someone to practice that on.
 He supposed this
was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more
comfortable saying "Voldemort" without worrying.
 He was holding a rifle in his hands -- now they knew what had been
in the long, thin package he had brought with them.
 He was so
relieved to have been chosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly noticed
that he was getting the loudest cheer yet.
 He'd
spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and
Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned
into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard?
 He'd never been more
nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to
the Dursleys saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue.
 He'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been
sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the
greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back.
 Held never been inside the stadium
before.
 His aunt and uncle hadn't been able
to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle
Vernon had taken Harry aside.
 His turban, he told them, had
been given to him by an African prince as a thank-you for getting rid of
a troublesome zombie, but they weren't sure they believed this story.
 How could they have been so stupid as to forget the cloak?
 How he had managed
to climb through the portrait hole was anyone's guess, because his legs
had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the
Leg-Locker Curse.
 I bet," he added, voicing for the first time something that
had been worrying him a lot lately, "I bet I'm the worst in the class.
 I'd have managed it before then if Snape
hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.
 I've been out here for hours, I couldn't
remember the new password to get in to bed.
 I've been watching them all day.
 I've never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students.
 If
he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley
had always been able to kick him around like a football?
 If
only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy,
that would have been the one for him.
 If Snape
had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out
how the other teachers had guarded it.
 If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon -- Norbert had been bad
enough.
 In fact, he wasn't really crying -- it had
been years since he'd really cried -- but he knew that if he screwed up
his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.
 In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the
package that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and
they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy
protection.
 It had been a
good one.
 It had been such a good
dream.
 It might have been Harvey.
 It must have been a trick of the light.
 It seemed
she had been wanting to say all this for years.
 It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late
arriving at Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get
out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis
against the wall.
 It was colder
here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough
without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.
 It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't suppose you
get that with the Muggles -- someone tried to rob a high security
vault.
 It's not been an easy
journey.
 Little did Harry
know that Ron and Hermione had been secretly practicing the Leg-Locker
Curse.
 Men have wasted away before it, entranced by
what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is
real or even possible.
 My
dad says it must've been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts,
but they don't think they took anything, that's what's odd.
 Neville
appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked
as though he'd been making another bid for freedom.
 Neville had been sobbing into
Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.
 Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early -- it's
not until next week, folks!
 Potter,

We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
 Professor Binns had been very old

indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got
up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him.
 Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved
you have come round, they have been extremely worried.
 Ronald Weasley,
who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing
alone, the best of all of them.
 Said
they'd been bewitched.
 That had been close, very close.
 The Dursleys had received a very angry letter
from Harry's headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school
buildings.
 The moment
the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very
battered now that it had been caught twice.
 The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working
tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the
corner was Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot
through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school
for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent
because Dudley had sat on it.
 The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass
number four on the Dursleys' front door; it crept into their living
room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when
Mr.
 The troll couldn't feel Harry hanging there,
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
nose, and Harry's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
 The vault
that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day.
 The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied
earlier that same day.
 Their trunks had
already been brought up.
 Then he
rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
 There had been a flying motorcycle in it.
 There were
splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been
thrashing around in pain close by.
 They
were the only things in the room that looked as though they'd never been
touched.
 They had been given special, new quills for the
exams, which had been bewitched with an AntiCheating spell.
 They had been looking for two
weeks, after A, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it
wasn't surprising they'd found nothing.
 They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor
did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
 They haven't been caught.
 They say he met vampires in the Black Forest, and there
was a nasty bit o' trouble with a hag -- never been the same since.
 They're
just not the same, they've never been brought up to know our ways.
 This was the first night he hadn't been upset
by it.
 Two
hours later, Harry's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the
Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to
Harry, and they had set off.
 Uncle Vernon had been
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
sure that Harry didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do.
 Viewers as far apart as
Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead
of the rain I promised yesterday, they've had a downpour of shooting
stars!
 We could all have been killed --
or worse, expelled.
 What a year it has been!
 What could he have been thinking
of?
 What if he just
sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
 When
Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to
catch the last report on the evening news:

"And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's
owls have been behaving very unusually today.
 When you could have been celebrating?
 Where there
should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was a face, the most
terrible face Harry had ever seen.
 Within seconds, the whole class was
standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the
potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils
sprang up all over his arms and legs.
 Yeh've been singled out, an' that's always hard.
 Yet something had been
nagging at the back of his mind all day.
 You have been warned.
 You haven't
been fighting, have you?
 Your aunt and I have been
thinking.
 been keeping
busy.
 but there have always
been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds.
 every odd
thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had
happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry.
 this had been his father's.
 this was what Harry had been really looking forward to.
 to
have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone,
will give us some protection forever.
"

"Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune," said the giant; he reached over
the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon's hands, bent
it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it
into a corner of the room.
"

"How long have I been in here?
"

"Scabbers has been fighting, not us," said Ron, scowling at her.
"

"Well, " Hermione exploded, "if he did -- I mean to say that's terrible
-- you could have been killed.
"

"Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not
only the owls that have been acting oddly today.
"

"What have you been telling him?
"

"You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said
Professor McGonagall.
"

"You'd better hurry up and put your robes on, I've just been up to the
front to ask the conductor, and he says we're nearly there.
"

Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but
Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had
been a horrible mistake.
"

He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.
"

I don't think so," said Harry, I think it's just been knocked out.
"

It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most
anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard
wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed
Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.
"

It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two
agreed with him.
"

It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Harry that Dumbledore
might not have been quite truthful.
"

Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice
three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Harry could hardly
believe it when he realized that he'd already been at Hogwarts two
months.
"

Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigget.
"

Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been
dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes.
"

When they told him about Charlie's letter, his eyes filled with tears,
although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the
leg.
"

While they had been talking, the train had carried them out of London.
"

Wishing he'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Harry left
the library.
" For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of
Harry's bathrobe for the last minute.
" said Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to
stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already.

off 193


"And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet,
a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to
Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin
Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying
like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent
move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle --
that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint,
off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of
the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken by the Slytherins -- that's
Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a
second Bludger -- sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell
which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in
possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's
really flying -- dodges a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead
-- come on, now, Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses --
GRYFFINDORS SCORE!


"Best be Off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an' buy
all yer stuff fer school.


"Everyone pick their favorite tune," said Dumbledore, "and off we go!


"Five, you mean, once she's taken off Hermione's.


"Give it here," Harry called, "or I'll knock you off that broom!


"I always said he was off his rocker," said Ron, looking quite impressed
at how crazy his hero was.


"It's not just my hand," he whispered, "although that feels like it's
about to fall off.


"Just have to find out for ourselves, then," said Ron, and they left
Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.


"Lucky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione," said Harry as he
joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his face.


"Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," said
Madam Hooch.


"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something
strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured
-- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no
denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion --
asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types --
just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"

But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink
umbrella from inside his coat.


"Sent owls off ter all yer parents' old school friends, askin' fer
photos.


"So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Harry
went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me
off.


"So," said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with
Harry, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of
the Mirror of Erised.


"You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit lighter,"
said Harry, trying to take Ron's mind off houses.


"You want to watch out for Peeves," said Percy, as they set off again.


And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed,
Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were
handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the
holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Fred
Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats
that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express;
talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier;
eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns;
pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling
into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.


Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the
corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said,
"Anything off the cart, dears?


As seven o'clock drew nearer, Harry left the castle and set off in the
dusk toward the Quidditch field.


Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send him off, ref!


Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a
fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose
high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.


Hagrid


Harry borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the
back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again.


Hagrid shuffled off.


Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off.


Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground.


He and Ron took off their jackets and pulled on their long black robes.


Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to
search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them
off the shelves at random.


Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry
clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him
off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.


It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform.


Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding
off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.


Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk
deep into Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung
Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbets finally flew off
and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.


Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed.


The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a
knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces
and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron,
and Hermione took.


The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and
with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.


The white king took off his crown and threw it at Harry's feet.


They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as
their hands, now that Norbert was off them.


Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstick
and kicked off from the ground.

"Get off, Scabbers!

For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell
had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about
the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung
around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed
full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.

Harry pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat.

He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he
walked.

If yeh think yer father'd rather you were expelled, then get back off
ter the castle an' pack.

Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week
in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he
couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.

Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he
ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' Dumbledore
himself did somethin', o' course.

There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more
goblins were showing people in and out of these.

They went off to lunch.
 "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
-- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -"

"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
the front door.
 "Cheer up,"
said Ron, "Snape's always taking points off Fred and George.
 "He
received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for
London at once.
 "I suppose you added the porcupine quills before
taking the cauldron off the fire?
 "I think we'll be okay
-- get off, Neville!
 "I wouldn't be surprised if you
turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he could have played for
England if he hadn't gone off chasing dragons.
 "Listen, Harry, would yeh mind if I
slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron?
 "Look -they're
off Ouch!
 "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the
world --" And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the
positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to
with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had the
money.
 "Shake'em off.
 "The Bludgers rocket around, trying to
knock players off their brooms.
 "Then
I'm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms.
 A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint
had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry's broom spun off course, Harry
holding on for dear life.
 Ah, Harry, I don' know if I'm the right
person ter tell yeh -- but someone 3 s gotta -- yeh can't go off ter
Hogwarts not knowin'.
 All the studying
he had to do kept his mind off his misery.
 Another few seconds and I'd
have got you off that broom.
 As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except
snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were
all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had
nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to
squeeze him to death.
 Break a rule in front of her, put just one toe out of
line, and she'd whisk off for Filch, who'd appear, wheezing, two seconds
later.
 But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly decide to buck their
riders off.
 But then, he thought, as he shoved
Scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question.
 CarA you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away
from all that until he's ready to take it?
 Dumbledore gave me the day off
yesterday ter fix it.
 Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his
cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down
on the wall next to the cat.
 Dursley around the middle and walked off.
 Every night before he went to
sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned
to the wall, counting down to September the first.
 Filch must have hurried off to look
for them somewhere else, because they didn't see him anywhere, but they
hardly cared -- all they wanted to do was put as much space as possible
between them and that monster.
 Hagrid must have
jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly
off the spindly chair.
 Hagrid pulled out
the pink umbrella again, tapped it twice on the side of the boat, and
they sped off toward land.
 Harder to shake off was the
feeling Harry had gotten from the teacher's look -- a feeling that he
didn't like Harry at all.
 Harry
could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right
-the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall
showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall.
 Harry
turned it off quickly and dressed silently.
 Harry got toast,
coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was
even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn't
touch, which turned out to be pepper.
 Harry pulled a wizard
cracker with Fred and it didn't just bang, it went off with a blast like
a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the
inside exploded a rear admiral's hat and several live, white mice.
 Harry saw his
scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp,
slip sideways off the broom and --

WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass
in a heap.
 Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap.
 Harry told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with
it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh
became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Harry woke,
sweating and shaking.
 Harry's broom had given a wild
jerk and Harry swung off it.
 He caught himself in time
and hovered about a foot off the stairs.
 He drove them into the
middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in
the car, and off they went again.
 He found a pair under his bed and,
after pulling a spider off one of them, put them on.
 He hadn't seen
the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off
anyway.
 He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping
he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he
didn't approve of imagination.
 He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he's not
going to try it again in a hurry.
 He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild
eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch's
outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks
still ringing in his ears.
 He took off
the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffindor table.
 He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to take
his mind off his nerves about tomorrow.
 He was
cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off you.
 He was fine while he was

studyin' outta books but then he took a year off ter get some firsthand
experience.
 He was never going to meet you -- Filch knew someone was going to
be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off.
 He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia
came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried.
 He'd just gotten very angry with the
Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off
their brooms.
 He's off ter the finest
school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world.
 His
whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on
a hinge.
 His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said
was to ward off a vampire he'd met in Romania and was afraid would be
coming back to get him one of these days.
 I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you.
 I might be able to hold Snape off for a while,
but I'm no match for him, really.
 If you're not hurt
at all, you'd better get off to Gryffindor tower.
 It
kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying
under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he'd be
learning to play that night.
 It said, in a very untidy
scrawl:


Dear Harry,

I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have
a cup of tea with me around three?
 It was about to finish me off when they
arrived.
 It was as though the broom was trying to buck him
off.
 My Great Uncle Algie kept
trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me -- he
pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned -- but
nothing happened until I was eight.
 Not until they'd stepped out into the
cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe
properly again.
 Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant
off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster
the plant wound around them.
 Now, why don't you put that admirable cloak back on and
get off to bed?
 Off you trot!
 Oh, she got a
letter just like that and disappeared off to that-that school-and came
home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups
into rats.
 On my whistle -- three
-- two --"

But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the
ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch's
lips.
 Once Hagrid had crammed all the dog
biscuits back inside his pockets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward
one of the doors leading off the hall.
 Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off -- the
pain in Harry's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only
hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of, "KILL HIM!
 Right, off we go, and don't think of
running off, now, it'll be worse for you if you do.
 Ron appeared out of
nowhere as he pulled off Harry's invisibility cloak.
 Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than
looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn't keep
his eyes off them.
 Scooping the fire off him
into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row --
Snape would never know what had happened.
 She and Uncle
Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest,
most ragged blanket.
 She sometimes flew in to
nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the
owlery with the other school owls.
 Snape's refereeing this time, and he'll
be looking for any excuse to knock points off Gryffindor!
 So I told him, Fluffy's a piece o' cake if yeh know how to
calm him down, jus' play him a bit o' music an' he'll go straight off
ter sleep --"

Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.
 The
few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to
deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could
fly off again.
 The lake froze solid and the
Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that
they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.
 The password's 'Pig snout' but it won't
help you now, the Fat Lady's gone off somewhere.
 The troll was advancing on her, knocking the
sinks off the walls as it went.
 The white
queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he
lay quite still, facedown.
 Then
he flew off through the open window.
 Then, none of them looking
at each other, they all said "Thanks," and hurried off to get plates.
 They climbed in -- Hagrid with some
difficulty -- and were off.
 They could hear the letters
still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.
 They were off.
 Two
hours later, Harry's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the
Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to
Harry, and they had set off.
 Unfortunately, while
everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already
suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not
only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog
didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.
 We'll be off, then.
 What if he just
sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
 When September came he would be going off
to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be
with Dudley.
 When it bit me he told me off for frightening it.
 When it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR," Neville ran off
still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it
to "MacDougal, Morag.
 Whenever Harry passed
Quirrell these days he gave him an encouraging sort of smile, and Ron
had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrell's stutter.
 You hang around with riffraff like the
Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you.
 You should see the burns
Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania.
 it'll really wipe the smiles off their faces if we win.
 shake 'em
off," he would mutter whenever he did this.
 your
father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food
when he was here.
"

"Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sit," said the giant, climbing
carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke.
"

"Dunno," said Hagrid casually, "he wouldn' take his cloak off.
"

"Just as long as we're not wiping you off the field," said Hermione.
"

"Oh, come off it, you don't think we'd let you go alone?
"

"Only joking, I am Fred," said the boy, and off he went.
"

"Quick, go, before it wears off.
"

"This is where I leave you," Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to
examine the unicorn.
"

"Three Chasers try and score with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the
goal posts; the Beaters keep the Bludgers away from their team," Harry
reeled off.
"

"Yeah -- he's mine -- bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub
las' year -- I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the

"Yes?
"

"Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.
"

"Yes, please," said Ron, but Harry cut him off.
"

"You nearly were, I couldn't have kept him off the Stone much longer --"

"Not the Stone, boy, you -- the effort involved nearly killed you.
"

And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could,
they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.
"

And he scooted off

"Brilliant, Harry!
"

And the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the
lake, which was as smooth as glass.
"

Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped
down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls'
bathroom.
"

From inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to Harry as
though the teddy was having his head torn off.
"

George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words.
"

Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a
towering oak.
"

Harry nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was
something he'd forgotten to do, something important.
"

Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor.
"

Harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter.
"

Harry slid off his back.
"

He clapped his hands once, and the ropes binding Harry fell off.
"

He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted
anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the
giant.
"

He sat up and Hagrid's heavy coat fell off him.
"

He strode off in the direction of the staffroom.
"

He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Harry.
"

Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with
Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.
"

Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew:
Quirrell couldn't touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible
pain -- his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough
pain to stop him from doing a curse.
"

Ron went speeding in the direction that Harry was pointing, crashed into
the ceiling, and nearly fell off his broom.
"

So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang.
"

So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great
Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with
the Christmas decorations.
"

Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their
heads.
"

They each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into
the midst of the cloud of keys.
"

They marched off across the dark grounds.
"

When Angelina had scored, Harry had done a couple of loop-the-loops to
let off his feelings.
"

Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself
onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose
into the air and off into the night.
"

With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the train.
" Harry called, not taking his eyes off the
key with the damaged wing.
" Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick
and taken off.
" said Harry, as Dedalus Diggle's top hat fell off
in his excitement.
" she asked, looking at their
bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces.
" shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next
to Hannah.
" shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged,
knocking Harry clean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands
around Harry's neck -- Harry's scar was almost blinding him with pain,
yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
' and hurtled off to the
third floor.

got 187


"Aaah, has ickle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie?


"Don't you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I
don't want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you'll lose all the
points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching
Spells.


"Got everythin'?


"Got it," said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key.


"Got it," she said.


"Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves," he said.


"Have you got your own broom?


"He's got lots o' rats an' some brandy fer the journey," said Hagrid in
a muffled voice.


"How many days you got left until yer holidays?


"I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got Neville.


"I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle Vernon last night .


"I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor
McGonagall.


"I've already got us some rations," said Uncle Vernon, "so all aboard!


"I've got the Snitch!


"Jus' lookin'," he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at
once.


"Just yer wand left - A yeah, an' I still haven't got yeh a birthday
present.


"Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's got a
giant tarantula down there.


"Malfoy's got detention!


"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something
strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured
-- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no
denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion --
asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types --
just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"

But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink
umbrella from inside his coat.


"Oh, well -- I was at Hogwarts meself but I -- er -- got expelled, ter
tell yeh the truth.


"Right, here's what we've got to do," he whispered urgently.


"Ron, you've got something on your nose.


"So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Harry
went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me
off.


"So we've just got to try on the hat!


"Still got yer letter, Harry?


"Then she met that Potter at school and they left and got married and
had you, and of course I knew you'd be just the same, just as strange,
just as -- as -- abnormal -- and then, if you please, she went and got
herself blown up and we got landed with you!


"We've got the invisibility cloak," said Harry.


"We've got to close in on it!


"We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Harry.


"Well, I got back all right," said Hermione.


"Well, there you are," Harry said quietly, "Snape's already got past
Fluffy.


"What have we got today?


"What's that you've got there, Potter?


"You got there?


"You haven't got a letter on yours," George observed.


"You've got to eat some breakfast.


"You've got to stand up to him, Neville!


At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to
his feet again.


Harry got to his feet.


Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on
her.


It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don't want everybody
knowing you've got a broomstick or they'll all want one.


The Dursleys got into bed.


You've got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn't blinking at all, I saw
him!

"I'd not say no ter summat stronger if yeh've got it, mind.

"Listen, you've got to be up for the end-of-year feast tomorrow.

"We've got to go and see Hagrid, now.

"Yeh've done wrong an' now yehve got ter pay fer it.

A lot of the greatest wizards haven't got an ounce of logic, they'd be
stuck in here forever.

What did you say you've got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?
 "And have you really got -- you know.
 "And it's really thanks to Malfoy here
that I've got it," he added.
 "And that reminds me -Harry, Ron, we've got
half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.
 "And you've got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you
know?
 "Dad, Harry's got something!
 "Don' mind if it wriggles a bit, I
think I still got a couple o' dormice in one o' the pockets.
 "Flitwick told me in
secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam.
 "Got the lot
here -- another young man being fitted up just now, in fact.
 "Got this outta the library -- Dragon Breeding
for Pleasure and Profit -- it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's
all in here.
 "Got to have that
ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings.
 "Hagrid told that stranger
how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that
cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk.
 "He was on to me by that time, trying to find out how far I'd got.
 "Hurry up, boy, we haven't
got all day.
 "I got this
out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.
 "I know all about you, of course -- I
got a few extra books.
 "I think Mom's got a second cousin
who's an accountant, but we never talk about him.
 "I'm up front, the prefects have got
two compartments to themselves --"

"Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?
 "I've still
got the pieces, though," he added brightly.
 "It's just lucky I got it
back.
 "One of us
has got to keep an eye on Snape -- wait outside the staff room and
follow him if he leaves it.
 "She hasn't got much
time," he added quickly, "you know, with five of us.
 "She must've noticed
she's got no friends.
 "Should've thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble,
shouldn't you?
 "Snape came out and asked me what I was
doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him,
and I've only just got away, I don't know where Snape went.
 "They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, 0 '
course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the
job.
 "We haven't
got time to send Charlie another owl, and this could be our only chance
to get rid of Norbert.
 "We've got to go, we 3 re going to be
late.
 "We've got to play our way across
the room.
 "We've just got to make sure we play a
clean game, so Snape hasn't got an excuse to pick on us.
 "Yeh look a
lot like yet dad, but yeh've got yet mom's eyes.
 "You
could look more cheerful, Harry, we've got a week before we find out how
badly we've done, there's no need to worry yet.
 "You've got to make some sacrifices!
 'Course, he shoulda sacked me instead -- anyway,
got yeh this.
 After a
minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the
Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with
Harry's letter clutched in his hand.
 After burning all the letters, he got
out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and
back doors so no one could go out.
 An' see here -- how ter recognize
diff'rent eggs -- what I got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback.
 And they've got this son -- I saw
him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets.
 And we have got the
invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn't know about that.
 And you
should have seen their faces when I got in here -- they thought I might
not be magic enough to come, you see.
 Another few seconds and I'd
have got you off that broom.
 Binns droned on
and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the
Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.
 But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got
expelled?
 Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her
sister.
 Get it on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even
Harry got one.
 Got 'em, too -- some were
afraid, some just wanted a bit o' his power, 'cause he was gettin'
himself power, all right.
 Got past
McGonagall's giant chess set!
 Got summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sat on
it at some point, but it'll taste all right.
 Got time fer a drink?
 Hagrid must have
jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and he got quickly
off the spindly chair.
 Hagrid, I've got to ask you something.
 Harry
got slowly to his feet.
 Harry Potter's coming -- he's got a
dragon!
 Harry got slowly out
of bed and started looking for socks.
 Harry got toast,
coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was
even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn't
touch, which turned out to be pepper.
 Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap.
 Harry told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with
it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh
became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Harry woke,
sweating and shaking.
 Have a Chocolate
Frog, I've got loads.
 He drove them into the
middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in
the car, and off they went again.
 He got
into his car and backed out of number four's drive.
 He got stuck in the ticket barrier on the Underground, and
complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow.
 He got to his feet, trembling.
 He got up and pulled on his jeans because
he didn't want to walk into the station in his wizard's robes -- he'd
change on the train.
 He had just
thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon
inside him had got a puncture.
 He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the
library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back.
 He meant to say thank you, but the words
got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, "Who are
you?
 He would
drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet,
pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab
your nose, and screech, "GOT YOUR CONK!
 He's found
out everything he needs, and now he's got Dumbledore out of the way.
 He's got the Stone!
 I suppose we've got to take the
place of three of the black pieces.
 I was down in the village havin' a
few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a stranger.
 I've got Bill's old robes,
Charlie's old wand, and Percy's old rat.
 I've got about
five hundred, but I haven't got Agrippa or Ptolemy.
 I've got him, sir.
 I've got loads to
learn.
 I've got some presents!
 I've got to be taken.
 I've got to talk to Professor Dumbledore.
 I've got yeh a present.
 It got to its feet and came swiftly toward
Harry -- he couldn't move for fear.
 It was worse than having a cupboard as a
bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door
to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.
 It's all right, he only got my boot -- jus' playin' -- he's only
a baby, after all.
 Like Harry, she felt they deserved what they'd got.
 Magic carpets all got
punctures, have they?
 Malfoy
only just got out of the way in time; Harry made a sharp about-face and
held the broom steady.
 Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of
letters when they got back that he'd be able to steal one somehow.
 Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead?
 Neville's legs sprang apart and he got to his feet,
trembling.
 No, I've got Morgana again and I've got about six of her.
 Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I
mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
will be enough -- I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.
 Not s'pposed ter use magic now I've
got yeh.
 Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid
the woman eleven silver Sickles and seven bronze Knuts.
 Oh, she got a
letter just like that and disappeared off to that-that school-and came
home every vacation with her pockets full of frog spawn, turning teacups
into rats.
 Okay, got that.
 Only I got about an 'undred
of these at the front desk.
 Percy
got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn't aff
-- I mean, I got Scabbers instead.
 Percy the Prefect got up and
shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, "We got
Potter!
 Professor Binns had been very old

indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got
up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him.
 Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and
set fire to it -- Harry had to put it out with his hat.
 See,
there's Potter, who's got no parents, then there's the Weasleys, who've
got no money -- you should be on the team, Longbottom, you've got no
brains.
 Slytherins have got the cup six years in a row!
 Snape's only got to say he doesn't know how the troll got in at
Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor -- who do you
think they'll believe, him or us?
 So
-- think you've got all that?
 The whole crowd was on
its feet, watching, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull
Harry safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good -- every time
they got near him, the broom would jump higher still.
 Thought
he'd make you look good if he got it wrong, did you?
 Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to
have got back his courage.
 We got Potter!
 We've got to catch the key to the door!
 You could say I've got a lot to live up
to.
 You got Hermione's owl?
 You should see the burns
Charlie's got off wild ones in Romania.
 You there, still got yer toad?
 You've got to weave
in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it
before the other team's Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the
Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they

nearly always win.
 and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his
revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?
 hang you by your wrists from the ceiling for a
few days, I've got the chains still in my office, keep 'em well oiled in
case they're ever needed.
 if it got out that they were related to a pair of
-- well, he didn't think he could bear it.
"

"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid
importantly, throwing out his chest.
"

"Anyway, we've got to go, Lee Jordan reckons he's found a new secret
passageway out of the school.
"

"But we've got no proof!
"

"Good - well, look, Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you
later --"

"Don't leave me!
"

"Got it here somewhere," said Hagrid, and he started emptying his
pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits
over the goblin's book of numbers.
"

"Hey, look -- Harry's got a Weasley sweater, too!
"

"I dunno, I've just got a bad feeling about it -- and anyway, you've had
too many close shaves already.
"

"It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said Hagrid
loudly.
"

"Malfoy's got my Remembrall, Professor.
"

"No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right
before the Muggles started swarmin' around.
"

"Stalagmite's got an 'm' in it," said Hagrid.
"

"We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what
Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing --"

"Shut up!
"

"We've got to get back to Gryffindor tower," said Ron, "quickly as
possible.
"

"You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got
your little friends with you," said Harry coolly.
"

"You've got some nerve --" said Ron loudly.
"

Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line
behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out
of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors
into the Great Hall.
"

Hagrid wouldn't let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either ("It says
pewter on yer list"), but they got a nice set of scales for weighing
potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope.
"

He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small
door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the
wall to stop his knees from trembling.
"

Hermione had got both her breath and her bad temper back again.
"

Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at
once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!
"

That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd
never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
" He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor Flitwick,
I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong.
"), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right
answers anyway.

didn't 187
	Still, first-year
Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn't have to
put up with Malfoy much.



But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it
was about two inches long, they didn't have much chance of guessing what
it was without further clues.


" -- I didn't see you, sir.


"Be grateful if yeh didn't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts," he
said.


"Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I could if it
was me," said Hermione.


"He didn't catch it, he nearly swallowed it," Flint was still howling
twenty minutes later, but it made no difference -- Harry hadn't broken
any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results --
Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty.


"I'm glad we didn't have to fight that one," Harry whispered as they
stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.


"It'll all be over at midnight on Saturday," said Hermione, but this
didn't soothe Ron at all.


"Oh, sorry, Weasley, didn't see you there.


"Oh," he said, "I didn't realize it had to be so wet.


"Shouldn'ta lost me temper," he said ruefully, "but it didn't work
anyway.


"That's Hagrid," said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn't.


"Told yeh, didn't I?


"You -- Potter -- why didn't you tell him not to add the quills?


Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a
street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome.


As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw --
and it didn't improve his mood -- was the tabby cat he'd spotted that
morning.


But Uncle Vernon didn't believe him.


But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn't feel like a
very good omen.


Draco Malfoy didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale
cheeks.


Harry didn't have a clue what was going on.


Harry didn't know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to
keep running into Snape wherever he went.


Harry didn't miss a single one, and Wood was delighted.


Harry didn't move.


Harry didn't sleep all night.


Harry didn't think there was anything wrong with not being able to
afford an owl.


Harry played with chessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didn't
trust him at all.


Harry, who was looking up "Dittany" in One Thousand Magical Herbs and
Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Ron say, "Hagrid!


He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he
had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many
Mars Bars as he could carry -- but the woman didn't have Mars Bars.


He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he
didn't remember the dream at all.


He stopped a passing guard, but didn't dare mention platform nine and
three-quarters.


Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and
was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.


How long he stood there, he didn't know.


Maybe it was because they hadn't seen what Harry had seen in the forest,
or because they didn't have scars burning on their foreheads, but Ron
and Hermione didn't seem as worried about the Stone as Harry.


The ghosts didn't help, either.


The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was
just no good telling the Dursleys he didn't make them happen.


Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry's new
resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern him was put
to an unexpected test.


They didn't meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the
third floor.


They didn't stop to eat or drink all day.


They didn't tell him much.


Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor
McGonagall didn't say a word to him.

"You did do the thing properly, didn't you?

Didn't dare try takin' the school, not jus' then, anyway.
 "Another Christmas
has come and gone and I didn't get a single pair.
 "D'yeh think yer parents didn't leave yeh anything?
 "Didn't even scratch himself.
 "Didn't you see
what it was standing on.
 "I had no
idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin' hold of
yeh, how much yeh didn't know.
 "I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more
interesting, but the spell didn't work.
 "My
mistake, my mistake -- I didn't see you -- of course I didn't, you're
invisible -- forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir.
 "The Sorting Hat chose you
for Gryffindor, didn't it?
 A wizened
old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate
in twos and threes so they didn't attract attention by all bursting out
of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.
 After all,
they normally pretended she didn't have a sister.
 And did Hagrid know something about
Snape that he didn't want to tell Harry?
 And it didn't stop there.
 And this time he'd make sure
they didn't fail.
 But he didn't know any magic yet -- what on earth would he have
to do?
 But he still didn't open his eyes.
 But the news
that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn't know
which was worse -- people telling him he'd be brilliant or people
telling him they'd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.
 Didn't know who ter trust,
didn't dare get friendly with strange wizards or witches.
 Didn't we swear when we took
him in we'd stamp out that dangerous nonsense?
 Dursley
didn't realize what he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to
look again.
 Dursley pretended she didn't have a sister, because her
sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was
possible to be.
 Even Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they
were going.
 Everywhere Harry went, people pointed and didn't trouble
to lower their voices as they insulted him.
 Filch must have hurried off to look
for them somewhere else, because they didn't see him anywhere, but they
hardly cared -- all they wanted to do was put as much space as possible
between them and that monster.
 Go on"'

Malfoy didn't move.
 Hagrid, who didn't understand "Muggle money," as he
called it, gave the bills to Harry so he could buy their tickets.
 Harder to shake off was the
feeling Harry had gotten from the teacher's look -- a feeling that he
didn't like Harry at all.
 Harry
and Ron didn't talk much.
 Harry
didn't look it, but he was very fast.
 Harry didn't know
whether to laugh or not.
 Harry didn't know where to run first now that he had a bag
full of money.
 Harry didn't like the look on Malfoy's face at all.
 Harry didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had
the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.
 Harry didn't speak at all as they walked
down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at
them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped
packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry's lap.
 Harry didn't trust himself to speak.
 Harry privately
agreed, though the thought didn't cheer him up at all.
 Harry pulled a wizard
cracker with Fred and it didn't just bang, it went off with a blast like
a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the
inside exploded a rear admiral's hat and several live, white mice.
 Harry told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with
it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh
became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Harry woke,
sweating and shaking.
 He
didn't know what time it was and he couldn't be sure the Dursleys were
asleep yet.
 He
had a knack for spotting things other people didn't.
 He
strode out of sight; Harry didn't think Quirrell had even noticed him.
 He didn't
know how he'd have gotten through all his homework without her, what
with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do.
 He didn't
know why, but they made him uneasy.
 He didn't blame her -- if he'd had a sister like that.
 He didn't feel like sharing it with anyone else
yet.
 He didn't feel much like going into
the matter with this boy.
 He didn't feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be
the best Christmas he'd ever had.
 He didn't have a clue what was going on, but he
didn't seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming
back to his legs.
 He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole
life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.
 He didn't know what he was going to but it had to be better
than what he was leaving behind.
 He didn't know whether it was safe to go to Madam
Pomfrey -- would she recognize a dragon bite?
 He didn't look at it, but after a moment he
spoke to it.
 He didn't realize that love as powerful as your
mother's for you leaves its own mark.
 He didn't see the owls swoop ing past in broad
daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed
open- mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead.
 He didn't seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the
ground.
 He got up and pulled on his jeans because
he didn't want to walk into the station in his wizard's robes -- he'd
change on the train.
 He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the
library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back.
 He half expected Hermione to
complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didn't
say a word.
 He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping
he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he
didn't approve of imagination.
 He pocketed it to use on Fluffy -- he didn't
feel much like singing.
 He says Malfoy's
father didn't need an excuse to go over to the Dark Side.
 He was
walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he
didn't meet anyone.
 He was also carrying a long,
thin package and didn't answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what he'd
bought.
 He was at Hogwarts
with your father, didn't you know?
 He was going to smash
right into that barrier and then he'd be in trouble -- leaning forward
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run -- the barrier was coming nearer
and nearer -- he wouldn't be able to stop -- the cart was out of control
-- he was a foot away -- he closed his eyes ready for the crash --

It didn't come.
 He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to
see, didn't look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
 He was trying to make sure I didn't do it
again.
 He'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been
sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the
greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back.
 I didn't want to believe it.
 I told her you didn't expect
any presents and -- oh, no," he groaned, "she's made you a Weasley
sweater.
 In the
weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it
didn't look as though he'd cracked yet.
 It
was lucky that Aunt Petunia didn't come in to vacuum anymore, because
Hedwig kept bringing back dead mice.
 It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon's car
and crushed it into a trash can -- but at the moment it didn't look in
the mood.
 It didn't seem very
important anymore.
 It didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the
next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead.
 It turned out she'd broken her leg tripping over one of her cats,
and she didn't seem quite as fond of them as before.
 It was the only
thing he didn't know, an' I told him!
 Mom didn't tell
him she was a witch 'til after they were married.
 Norris
turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn't do anything.
 Or at least, they didn't until they spotted a
notice pinned up in the Gryffindor common room that made them all groan.
 Perhaps because it was dark, he didn't recognize where he
was at all.
 Snape didn't dislike Harry -- he hated him.
 That's what yeh get when a Powerful, evil curse touches
yeh -- took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house, even -- but it didn't
work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Harry.
 The books
she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didn't pick them up.
 The cat didn't move.
 The dark shapes of desks and chairs
were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper
basket -- but propped against the wall facing him was something that
didn't look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone
had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
 The hat seemed to be asking rather alot;
Harry didn't feel brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment.
 The idea
of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didn't keep visiting them in
dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn't have much
time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.
 The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid, who
didn't wake up.
 The people hurrying by didn't
glance at it.
 The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe
hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning
its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.
 There was so much to
learn that even people like Ron didn't have much of a head start.
 They ate in the zoo
restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker
glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him
another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.
 They couldn't see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor
and if they came much nearer they'd knock right into him -- the cloak
didn't stop him from being solid.
 They didn't
think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters.
 They didn't have
time to come and fetch anyone.
 They didn't have as bad a time
as Harry, because they weren't as well-known, but nobody would speak to
them, either.
 They didn't know
what was good for them, either.
 They didn't stop running until they
reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor.
 They made
their way through the trees in silence for so long that Harry thought
Firenze didn't want to talk to him anymore.
 They were the last
people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious,
because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.
 They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"

"No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn't
think this was the moment for lemon drops.
 This boy
was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't want
Dudley mixing with a child like that.
 This didn't worry Harry.
 Told you I wouldn't say nothing if you didn't say
please!
 True, Dudley was now so
scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia
and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do
anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.
 UP another
staircase, then another -- even one of Harry's shortcuts didn't make the
work much easier.
 Uncle Vernon had been
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
sure that Harry didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do.
 Uncle Vernon tapped on the
glass, but the snake didn't budge.
 Unfortunately, while
everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already
suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not
only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog
didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.
 Why didn't I see it before?
 and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about be ing a
wizard or about my parents or Voldemort"

Ron gasped.
 if it got out that they were related to a pair of
-- well, he didn't think he could bear it.
"

"I didn't know it was called that, Sir.
"

"Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said
stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't realize
how risky feasts could be.
"

But that part of the plan didn't work.
"

But they didn't.
"

Harry and Hermione didn't get a chance to answer.
"

Harry didn't know what to say.
"

Harry didn't say anything.
"

Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didn't give.
"

Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didn't have anything to do
with work, though.
"

Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn't look at him again.
"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn't speak to each other at all until they
came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy
after the grounds.
"

He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed.
"

He held out his hand to shake Harry's, but Harry didn't take it.
"

He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione didn't.
"

Hermione didn't turn up for the next class and wasn't seen all
afternoon.
"

Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn't.
"

Hermione stretched her hand as high into the air as it would go without
her leaving her seat, but Harry didn't have the faintest idea what a
bezoar was.
"

It was hard to believe there was a ceiling there at all, and that the
Great Hall didn't simply open on to the heavens.
"

Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because
George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him.
"

Ronan didn't answer immediately.
"

She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping
he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on.
"

The centaur didn't answer.
"

There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didn't meet Harry's eyes
this time.
"

They hurried out of the chamber and didn't speak at all until they had
climbed two floors up.
"

Things didn't improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson
continued.
"

This didn't have quite the effect she'd expected.
"

Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes
when he said that.
" "All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said
when you're on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"

But what they were, they didn't find out.
" Aunt Petunia suggested
timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn't seem to hear her.
" He decided he
didn't dare.
" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
" he repeated, and he didn't sound quite as cool as usual.
" said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across the
grounds toward the forest, didn't answer.

down 171


"A wizard, o' course," said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which
groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once
yeh've been trained up a bit.


"Could you write it down?


"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Harry sat down next to
him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Harry's face.


"Heads down!


"Hey, Potter, come down!


"I'll never remember this," Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down
his quill and looking longingly out of the library window.


"It's not that unusual, yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's Head --
that's the pub down in the village.


"Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's got a
giant tarantula down there.


"No post on Sundays," he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade
on his newspapers, "no damn letters today --"

Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught
him sharply on the back of the head.


"Nothing -- just black -- there's no way of climbing down, we'll just
have to drop.


"Sit down," he snapped at Hermione.


"That's better," said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on
the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.


"They stuff people's heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall,"
he told Harry.


"Very well," he said, handing it back to Hagrid, "I will have Someone
take you down to both vaults.


A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle.


All they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of
water trickling down the walls.


And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed,
Neville's toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were
handed out to all students, warning them not to use magic over the
holidays ("I always hope they'll forget to give us these," said Fred
Weasley sadly); Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats
that sailed across the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express;
talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier;
eating Bettie Bott's Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns;
pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling
into platform nine and three-quarters at King's Cross Station.


As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Harry
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much
to think about as tea with Hagrid.


At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common
room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville.


At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors
hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying
lesson.


Down in the stands, Dean Thomas was yelling, "Send him off, ref!


Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street.


Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall's study on the first floor,
where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other.


Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.


Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor.


Harry couldn't sit down.


Harry looked down at his empty gold plate.


Harry made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night.


Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed
a four-legged stool in front of the first years.


Harry sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he could watch the
red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying.


He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat
them.


He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room,
and climbed through the portrait hole.


He made his way down to the staffroom and knocked.


He ran back down to the common room.


Hermione took out a list of subjects and titles she had decided to
search while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them
off the shelves at random.


Madam Hooch then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding
off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting their grips.


On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking
tired and rather ill, but happy.


On the last day of August he thought he'd better speak to his aunt and
uncle about getting to King's Cross station the next day, so he went
down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on
television.


Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons.


Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end,
Hermione agreed to run down to Hagrid's with the other two during
morning break.


Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut.


The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and
began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a
copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several
chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from
before starting to make tea.


The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made
their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through
the Leaky Cauldron, now empty.


The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at
the Hufflepuff table.


The train slowed right down and finally stopped.


They fell backward -- Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they
almost flew, back down the corridor.


They slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as
their hands, now that Norbert was off them.


When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a stack of
things out of the crackers, including a pack of nonexplodable, luminous
balloons, a Grow-Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard chess set.


When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitchen.

Harry pushed his cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat.

Harry, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down
his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.

His name's been down ever since he was born.

It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for
something.

Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a
few, well- chosen words.

With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could
read upside down:

Dear Professor Dumbledore,

Given Harry his letter.

Worst of all were Professor Snape's classes down in the dungeons, where
their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as
possible to their hot cauldrons.
 "He's used to
walking all over people, but that's no reason to lie down in front of
him and make it easier.
 "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come
straight back down by leaning forward slightly.
 "Ron, you come at it from above -- Hermione,
stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it.
 "The poor toilet's never had anything as
horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick.
 "They don't look very vicious, but I suppose if
they all swooped down at once.
 "They're saying all down the train that Harry
Potter's in this compartment.
 "What
happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a
complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows.
 "Why isn't he down in the dungeons
with the rest of the teachers?
 About ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out
of the darkness.
 And Neville will play Quidditch for
England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.
 Binns droned on
and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emetic the
Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up.
 But I bounced -- all the way down the garden and into the road.
 But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers
calming down enough to say, "Harry was talking to it, weren't you,
Harry?
 By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard
again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his
new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time
out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs.
 Cold, damp air rushed past him as he fell down, down,
down and -- FLUMP.
 Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on
the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and
wondering.
 Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his
cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down
on the wall next to the cat.
 Dursley crept to the bedroom
window and peered down into the front garden.
 Dursley, they wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening
down on the pavement.
 Every night before he went to
sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned
to the wall, counting down to September the first.
 Gryffindors up and down the table were beside
themselves -- they were a hundred points up.
 Harry didn't speak at all as they walked
down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at
them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped
packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry's lap.
 Harry sank down to sit on the floor in
front of the mirror.
 Harry saw his
scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp,
slip sideways off the broom and --

WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass
in a heap.
 Harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in
this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped
it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor.
 He
sat down on the bed and stared around him.
 He
wished Ron would put his wand down.
 He bent down and freed one of the
Bludgers.
 He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn't see what he
was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire
there.
 He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it
easily back into its frame.
 He came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms
and slammed them down on the table.
 He didn't see the owls swoop ing past in broad
daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed
open- mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead.
 He had been down at
Hagrid's hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by
the crate.
 He handed
Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to
open the yellow envelope.
 He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down
-- next second he was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball
-- wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the screams of people
watching -- he stretched out his hand -- a foot from the ground he
caught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled
gently onto the grass with the Remembrall clutched safely in his fist.
 He paced up and down in front of the fire.
 He put the
receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking.
 He put the bottle
down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking
his body, but couldn't feel them -- for a moment he could see nothing
but dark fire -- then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.
 He raised
the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air
and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework,
throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls.
 He sat
down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look
on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he was wearing bits of old
elephant skin, probably.
 He sat down next to Harry,
took one look at him, and burst into tears.
 He walked
quickly down the corridor.
 He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour
in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him
onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and
down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
 Hermione had stopped drawing attention to herself in
class, keeping her head down and working in silence.
 Holding his lamp up high, he
pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the
thick black trees.
 I was down in the village havin' a
few drinks an' got into a game o' cards with a stranger.
 Icy sea spray and rain crept down their
necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces.
 In their nervous state, every statue's shadow looked
like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping
down on them.
 It grew
steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a
headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky -- and
a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of
them.
 It was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their
feet as they marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn
on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees
were swaying darkly in the distance.
 Look down!
 Looking down at his legs, he saw only moonlight and
shadows.
 Ollivander was
flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.
 On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast,
Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that
Hermione was crying in the girls' bathroom and wanted to be left alone.
 Panicking, he heard footsteps coming
down the corridor outside -- stuffing the shrieking book back on the
shelf, he ran for it.
 Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"

With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the
hall, Harry right behind him.
 Quirrell
took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly
down on a toilet, clutching his heart.
 Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor,
he looked along the bottom shelf for an interestinglooking book.
 She bent down
and gathered up the fallen books.
 Shooting stars down in Kent -- I'll bet
that was Dedalus Diggle.
 Since then, I have served him faithfully, although I
have let him down many times.
 Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks
while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.
 So I told him, Fluffy's a piece o' cake if yeh know how to
calm him down, jus' play him a bit o' music an' he'll go straight off
ter sleep --"

Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.
 Strict and clever, she gave them a
talking-to the moment they sat down in her first class.
 Tell them we don't
want --"

Harry could see Uncle Vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the
kitchen.
 The hooded
figure raised its head and looked right at Harry -- unicorn blood was
dribbling down its front.
 The horse pawed the
ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron.
 The train did seem to be slowing down.
 Then he
came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the
telephone.
 Then she walked up and down the
line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them.
 They finally managed to
find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost
once.
 They heard him banging things with
his Smelting stick all the way down the hall.
 They went
rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to
try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and
pulled him back by the scruff of his neck.
 This morning, however, she fluttered
down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto
Harry's plate.
 Weasley smiled down at them.
 What a feeling -- he swooped in and out
of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field.
 What they really needed was a
nice long search without Madam Pince breathing down their necks.
 When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put
down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn't help
cheering with the rest.
 Why aren't you all copying that down?
 down.
"

"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving
very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Hermione in a
sniffy voice.
"

"I am resting, look, lying down and everything.
"

"Keep your voice down, Neville.
"

"This way," said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the
only way forward.
"

"Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there's still
witches an' wizards up an' down the country.
"

"Why don't we go down and visit Hagrid?
"

A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the
hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down.
"

But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, "That's you done, my
dear," and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy,
hopped down from the footstool.
"

Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped
down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls'
bathroom.
"

Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.
"

Harry glanced down at his broom.
"

Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone.
"

Harry sank down next to the bowl of peas.
"

Harry shook his head and the boy sat down.
"

He bent down and pulled his wand out of the troll's nose.
"

He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley
-- there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a
sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with
his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.
"

He felt Quirrell's arm wrenched from his grasp, knew all was lost, and
fell into blackness, down .
"

He sat back down.
"

He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, "It
begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's incredible
yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows --"

"Who?
"

Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron
said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and
flopped under a tree.
"

Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along
behind her.
"

She sat down.
"

Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a
steep, narrow path.
"

The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while copying down
different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still
discussing what they'd do with a Sorcerer's Stone if they had one.
"

They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across
the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor
common room.
"

They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, trying to
imagine him flying.
" Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel.
" Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to
creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor.
" Harry sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff
he'd seen earlier.
" Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not
looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead,
without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped
through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled
along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was
miles from the trophy room.
" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE
CHARMS CORRIDOR"

Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the
corridor where they slammed into a door -- and it was locked.
" Wood panted, forcing the struggling Bludger back into the crate
and strapping it down safely.
" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on
the wall.
" said Harry, shocked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and
remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard.
" shrieked Hermione, dancing up and down on
her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front.

professor 170


"Are you serious, Professor?


"Don't you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I
don't want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you'll lose all the
points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching
Spells.


"Excuse me, Professor Flitwick, could I borrow Wood for a moment?


"Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.


"Fifty points each," said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily
through her long, pointed nose.


"Follow me, you two," said Professor McGonagall, and they marched on up
the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.


"He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive," Professor
McGonagall told Wood.


"He was provoked, Professor Snape," said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy
face out from behind the tree.


"I know you haven 't, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half
exasperated, half admiring.


"I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall.


"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore,
nodding to her.


"I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor
McGonagall.


"I'm disgusted," said Professor McGonagall.


"I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor
McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless.


"It's sort of secret," he said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because
Professor McGonagall's nostrils flared.


"It's tonight," said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was
out of earshot.


"Look," said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's
about the Sorcerer's tone --"

Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that.


"Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this," said
Professor McGonagall.


"My dear Professor, I 've never seen a cat sit so stiffly.


"Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --"

Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses
flashed furiously, "-- how dare you -- might have broken your neck --"

"It wasn't his fault, Professor --"

"Be quiet, Miss Patil

"But Malfoy --"

"That's enough, Mr.


"Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years, "and
follow me.


"Please, Professor McGonagall -- they were looking for me.


"Potter's been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Malfoy quickly.


"Professor -- please

"You can't --"

"Don't tell me what I can and can't do, Potter.


"Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," she said coldly.


"Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow," she said finally.


"Professor Quirrell!


"Professor, I think -- I know -- that Sn- that someone's going to try
and steal the Stone.


"See Professor Dumbledore?


"Sir -- Professor Dumbledore?


"Slytherin in possession -- Flint with the Quaffle -- passes Spinnet --
passes Bell -- hit hard in the face by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose
-- only joking, Professor -- Slytherins score -- A no.


"The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said Hagrid.


"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely,
Harry and Ron thought.


"Welcome to Hogwarts," said Professor McGonagall.


"Who's that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell?


"Wood's captain of the Gryffindor team," Professor McGonagall explained.


"Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.


"You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was
wandering around at night, and somebody's been in the library Restricted
Section.


At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to
his feet again.


At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor
Snape disliked him.


But the others wouldn't let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himself.


Filch took them down to Professor McGonagall's study on the first floor,
where they sat and waited without saying a word to each other.


Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed
a four-legged stool in front of the first years.


Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell
came sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his face.


Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and
was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.


Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had
to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk.


Professor McGonagall

Harry had difficulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to
read.


Professor McGonagall Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do
in the furor over the points they'd lost.


Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of
parchment.


Professor McGonagall stopped outside a classroom.


Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.


Professor McGonagall was again different.


Professor McGonagall's voice trembled as she went on.


Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by
the ear.


They followed Professor McGonagall across the flagged stone floor.


Up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still Professor
McGonagall didn't say a word to him.

"Professor McGonagall told me all about the special circumstances,
Potter.

Everyone stared as he reached Professor Dumbledore's chair, slumped
against the table, and gasped, "Troll -- in the dungeons -- thought you
ought to know.

Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of
students who would be staying for the holidays, and Harry had signed up
at once.

Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a
halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.

Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore.

Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he
ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' Dumbledore
himself did somethin', o' course.

There was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for
their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of
night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was
out-of-bounds except for classes.

When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.

With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could
read upside down:

Dear Professor Dumbledore,

Given Harry his letter.

Worst of all were Professor Snape's classes down in the dungeons, where
their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as
possible to their hot cauldrons.
 "All those people in the
Leaky Cauldron, Professor Quirrell, Mr.
 "As I say, even if
You-Know-Who has gone -"

"My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him
by his name?
 "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
-- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -"

"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
the front door.
 "Harry, Professor Quirrell will be
one of your teachers at Hogwarts.
 "I was
trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
catch you, he said you had a drag --"

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
McGonagall had seen.
 "Light -- speedy -- we'll have to get him a
decent broom, Professor -- a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven,
I'd say.
 "What
happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a
complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows.
 "You can pretend to be waiting for Professor
Flitwick, you know.
 A
moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room,
closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear.
 Any second now, Professor McGonagall
would come back and lead him to his doom.
 By the end of the lesson,
only Hermione Granger had made any difference to her match; Professor
McGonagall showed the class how it had gone all silver and pointy and
gave Hermione a rare smile.
 Come on -- I shall see
Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!
 Even Professor Quirrell
was tremblin' ter meet yeh -- mind you, he's usually tremblin'.
 Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make
Neville's toad zoom around the classroom.
 For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at
the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall
blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from
Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out.
 G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir.
 Hagrid almost had to drag
Harry away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and
Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs,
Tongue- Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
 Harry
could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right
-the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall
showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall.
 Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened
when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall.
 Harry spotted Professor Quirtell, too, the nervous young man
from the Leaky Cauldron.
 Harry watched Hagrid
getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine,
finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry's
amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.
 He couldn't stop stammering his thanks,
sounding just like Professor Quirrell.
 He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but
they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had y caught
every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a
class silent without effort.
 He was wearing Professor Quirrell's turban, which kept talking to
him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at once, because it was
his destiny.
 He wouldn't believe they were lost, was
sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening
to lock them in the dungeons when they were rescued by Professor
Quirrell, who was passing.
 I've got to talk to Professor Dumbledore.
 It sounds like fortune-telling to me,
and Professor McGonagall says that's a very imprecise branch of magic.
 It took several purple firecrackers exploding from
the end of Professor Dumbledore's wand to bring silence.
 No sooner had they reached the
door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor
McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.
 No wonder he's looking so
nervous, that's Professor Snape.
 Oh
yeah, Professor Snape.
 Professor
Quirrell did not manage to take it from you.
 Professor
Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy
black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin.
 Professor Binns had been very old

indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got
up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him.
 Professor Dumbledore
enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.
 Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this.
 Professor Flitwick called them one by
one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tapdance across
a desk.
 Professor Flitwick put the
class into pairs to practice.
 Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply.
 Professor McGonagall gasped.
 Professor McGonagall rolled
up her scroll and took the Sorting Hat away.
 Professor McGonagall slammed
the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.
 Professor McGonagall was
running toward them.
 Professor McGonagall was head
of Gryffindor House, but it hadn't stopped her from giving them a huge
pile of homework the day before.
 Professor McGonagall was looking at Ron and
Harry.
 Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even
looking at him; he had to jog to keep up.
 Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox
-- points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if
it had whiskers.
 Professor Snape couldn't bear being in your father's debt.
 Snape was shaking Professor
McGonagall's hand, with a horrible, forced smile.
 They were half hoping for a reason
to fight Malfay, but Professor McGonagall, who could spot trouble
quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash.
 They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"

"No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn't
think this was the moment for lemon drops.
 Three times a week they went out to the
greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little
witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of
all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for.
 Up at
the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard's hat for a
flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick
had just read him.
 Wandering
around in the middle of the night, how dare you --"

"You don't understand, Professor.
 What if he just
sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
 When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put
down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn't help
cheering with the rest.
 You forget that dog, an' you forget what
it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel
--"

"Aha!
 what did Professor Sprout say?
"

"Absolutely," said Professor McGonagall crisply.
"

"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid
importantly, throwing out his chest.
"

"Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sit," said the giant, climbing
carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke.
"

"But Professor --"

"Potter, I know what I'm talking about," she said shortly.
"

"D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts," muttered Professor Quirrell, as
though he'd rather not think about it.
"

"Go to Professor McGonagall!
"

"I know that," said Professor McGonagall irritably.
"

"Malfoy's got my Remembrall, Professor.
"

"Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor
Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was
trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
"

"P-P-Potter," stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry's hand,
"c-can't t-tell you how p- pleased I am to meet you.
"

"Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many
demands on his time --

"But this is important.
"

"Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said
stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't realize
how risky feasts could be.
"

"Quirrell said Snape --"

"Professor Snape, Harry.
"

"Sorry, Professor.
"

"What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?
"

"Yes," said Professor McGonagall.
"

"You let Professor Dumbledore in.
"

"You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said
Professor McGonagall.
"

Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy's elbow.
"

Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of
blankets.
"

Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he
left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as she strode toward
the castle.
"

I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we can't bend the
first-year rule.
"

It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most
anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard
wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed
Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.
"

It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books.
"

Professor McGonagall had returned.
"

Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and
then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course.
"

Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.
"

Professor McGonagall pointed them into a classroom that was empty except
for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard.
"

Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her
eyes beneath her spectacles.
"

Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls
are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.
"

Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily.
"

So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to -the Great
Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with
the Christmas decorations.
"

The Weasley twins' friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the commentary for the
match, closely watched by Professor McGonagall.
"
squeaked Professor Flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as
usual.
" He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor Flitwick,
I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong.
" Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was
unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.
" Professor McGonagall repeated, as though
this was a very fishy thing to want to do.
" cried
Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four.
" cried Professor Flitwick, clapping.
" faltered Professor McGonagall.
" growled Professor McGonagall.
" hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!
" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on
the wall.
" said Professor McGonagall, staring at the
three of them, "Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of
tackling a mountain troll on your own?
" said Professor McGonagall, with
cold fury in her voice.
" whispered Professor McGonagall.

very 169



CHAPTER ELEVEN

QUIDDITCH

As they entered November, the weather turned very cold.


"And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor
on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to
die a very painful death.


"Anyway -- Harry," said the giant, turning his back on the Dursleys, "a
very happy birthday to yeh.


"Doi* push it," he muttered, "I've heard Snape can turn very nasty.


"To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas
and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long
day.


"Very good," said Wood.


"Very nice," said Wood, his eyes glinting.


"Very well," he said, handing it back to Hagrid, "I will have Someone
take you down to both vaults.


"Very," said Harry.


A Very Merry Christmas to you.


A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and
tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect
astonishing things to happen.


A horrible thought struck Harry, as horrible thoughts always do when
you're very nervous.


A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously.


A second, very small parcel contained a note.


But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn't feel like a
very good omen.


For a famous place, it was very dark and shabby.


Harry felt in the pocket of his robes and pulled out a Chocolate Frog,
the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas.


Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.


Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He
took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the
troll's neck from behind.


Harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found
anything, but he wasn't very hopeful.


Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasn't miles behind everyone
else.


He was in a very good mood.


Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was
smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing.


How very wrong he was.


It happened very suddenly.


It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was crowded with families.


Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too much, because he had a very strange
dream.


She said all this very fast.


She was a very pretty woman.


Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week
made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous.


Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault,
Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous
jewels at the very least -- but at first he thought it was empty.


The Gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening.


The library was pitch-black and very eerie.


The next morning dawned very bright and cold.


Their very last exam was History of Magic.


Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded
like "Mimblewimble.

He came ter yer house an' -- an' --"

Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerchief and blew
his nose with a sound like a foghorn.

He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very
long fingers and feet.

His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon
spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been
broken at least twice.

It's really very selfish of you.

They all helped buckle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and
Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very much.
 "A
fine thing it would be if, on the very day YouKnow-Who seems to have
disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all.
 "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
-- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -"

"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
the front door.
 "I know he's not very nice, but he
wouldn't try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe.
 "I'm very disappointed in you.
 "They don't look very vicious, but I suppose if
they all swooped down at once.
 "Very secret.
 "Well, it's not very
good, is it?
 A bald man in a very long
purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and
then walked away without a word.
 And saying the magic
words properly is very important, too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio,
who said 's' instead of 'f' and found himself on the floor with a
buffalo on his chest.
 At last, only the
Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march.
 Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley,
looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.
 Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he
wore a very kind smile.
 Breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to
the mirror.
 Chess was the only
thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very
good for her.
 Don't stop and don't be scared
you'll crash into it, that's very important.
 Dudley
thought this was very funny.
 Dursley was thin and blonde and had
nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she
spent so much of her time craning over garden fences, spying on the
neighbors.
 Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say
that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.
 Exactly why Dudley wanted a
racing bike was a mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated
exercise -- unless of course it involved punching somebody.
 Harry
didn't look it, but he was very fast.
 Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their
very first morning.
 Harry felt strangely as though he had
entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that
had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow
boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.
 Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
had so many questions in his life.
 Harry noticed he gripped his pink
umbrella very tightly as he spoke.
 He bent his
great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very
scratchy, whiskery kiss.
 He couldn't know that at this very
moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up
their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy
who lived!
 He felt very strange.
 He has had to be very hard on me.
 He looked
very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.
 He pulled it out with
difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee,
let it fall open.
 He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did
have a very large mustache.
 He was in a
very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he'd stretch his legs
and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.
 He was looking very peculiar in a large purple
turban.
 He was tall,
thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which
were both long enough to tuck into his belt.
 He was very glad they had Hagrid and his crossbow with them.
 He wasn't a very good player yet and they kept
shouting different bits of advice at him, which was confusing.
 He wore
glasses, and his hair was very untidy.
 He'd just gotten very angry with the
Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off
their brooms.
 He'd lost two points for Gryffindor
in his very first week -- why did Snape hate him so much?
 He'd seen Quirrell there that
very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.
 His school
books were very interesting.
 However, I shall
answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in which
case I beg you'll forgive me.
 I arrived in time to
prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say.
 In the very heart of the fire,
underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg.
 It
was also very hard to remember where anything was, because it all seemed
to move around a lot.
 It didn't seem very
important anymore.
 It is in your very skin.
 It is very curious indeed that you
should be destined for this wand when its brother why, its brother gave
you that scar.
 It looked very
solid.
 It said, in a very untidy
scrawl:


Dear Harry,

I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have
a cup of tea with me around three?
 It sounds like fortune-telling to me,
and Professor McGonagall says that's a very imprecise branch of magic.
 It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late
arriving at Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get
out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis
against the wall.
 It was a very funny feeling.
 It was a very odd watch.
 It was very
light.
 It's very hard to catch because it's so fast and
difficult to see.
 Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around
school at night, especially these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty
points will be taken from Gryffindor.
 Madam
Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienic, and confiscated
it.
 Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for
anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but
everybody else was very pleased when Hermione's lecture was interrupted
by the arrival of the mail.
 No one was talking much except Hermione Granger, who was whispering
very fast about all the spells she'd learned and wondering which one
she'd need.
 Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I
mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
will be enough -- I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.
 Potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very
moment?
 Powerful wand, very powerful, and in
the wrong hands.
 Professor Binns had been very old

indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got
up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him.
 Ron and Hermione were a
very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry
told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.
 Ron's set was very old and battered.
 She
had also tent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a
very interesting read.
 She had a very stern face and Harry's first thought
was that this was not someone to cross.
 She hadn't looked so excited since they'd
gotten back the marks for their very first piece of homework.
 Slowly, very slowly, it raised
its head until its eyes were on a level with Harry's.
 That had been close, very close.
 The Dursleys had received a very angry letter
from Harry's headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school
buildings.
 The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about
them and their kind.
 The Sorting is a very
important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be
something like your family within Hogwarts.
 The moment
the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very
battered now that it had been caught twice.
 The only thing Harry
liked about his own appearance was a very thin scar on his forehead that
was shaped like a bolt of lightning.
 The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to
begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get himself into a
book.
 The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle
with some secret magic.
 There was a very embarrassed pause.
 They were all very
impressed and couldn't wait to get started, but soon realized they
weren't going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time.
 They're very important, I
should have started studying a month ago, I don't know what's gotten
into me.
 Twenty-four letters to
Harry found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each
of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt
Petunia through the living room window.
 Very difficult.
 Very strange strangers
they were, too.
 Very well, the Stone.
 When
Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to
catch the last report on the evening news:

"And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's
owls have been behaving very unusually today.
 Yer very quiet," said Hagrid.
 Yes, indeed, oh, very
good.
 and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his
revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?
 how very curious.
"

"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving
very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Hermione in a
sniffy voice.
"

"B-but I d-d-don't --"

"Very well," Snape cut in.
"

"Exactly," said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his
half-moon glasses.
"

"I think I know who that one's from," said Ron, turning a bit pink and
pointing to a very lumpy parcel.
"

"I'm not as good as you," said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of
him.
"

"I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the
Muggle world except in very special circumstances," said Hagrid.
"

"Oh, very well," she said.
"

"Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many
demands on his time --

"But this is important.
"

"That's really nice of her," said Harry, trying the fudge, which was
very tasty.
"

"Very safe, as they're both dentists," said Hermione.
"

"Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his
bike back.
"

At the very end of the corridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a
pink silk dress.
"

Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill,
which gave Harry time to dry his eyes on the sheet.
"

Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.
"

Harry had gone very white.
"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn't speak to each other at all until they
came to a halt in the entrance hall, which seemed very cold and gloomy
after the grounds.
"

He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small
door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the
wall to stop his knees from trembling.
"

He led them to the very edge of the forest.
"

He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione didn't.
"

He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what
came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table
with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
"

He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking
wand.
"

Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was
glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
"

Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.
"

It was very cold outside the car.
"

It was very difficult.
"

Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice woman, but very strict.
"

On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
thing -- ").
"

Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class.
"

Something very painful was going on in Harry's mind.
"

The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn't
there -- or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't
understand them, like a slug.
"

The room went very still.
"

Their mother suddenly became very stern.
"

They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking
at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the
rustling of leaves around them.
"

Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for
not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch.
"
There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or
Mrs.
" He looked terrified at the very thought.
" Professor McGonagall repeated, as though
this was a very fishy thing to want to do.
" said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still
ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.

looked 163


About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and
shouted that Harry needed a haircut.


As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said
gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.


Aunt Petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon.


Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it
looked wonderful.


Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard.


Hagrid looked shocked.


Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor.


Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned face that he
hadn't learned all the course books by heart either.


Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively
beaming at him.


Harry looked down at his empty gold plate.


Harry looked in the bowl again.


Harry looked up at the giant.


Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the
beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.


Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake.


Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed
a four-legged stool in front of the first years.


Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.


Harry swallowed and looked around him.


Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at

the High Table again.


He looked in the mirror again.


It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby littie package
from vault seven hundred and thirteen was.


It looked like an unused classroom.


Love,

Charlie

They looked at one another.


Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to
Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or
why they had both brought their wands to the match.


The goblin looked at it closely.


They were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black
chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what
looked like black stone.

Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the
Body-Bind Curse put on him.

He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified,
too.

One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood.

Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had
entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out
of their minds.

Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a
large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -- but Dudley
Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large
blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a
computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother.

The hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the
flickering candlelight.
 A centaur
was standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he
had white-blond hair and a palomino body.
 A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into
the forest.
 A little man in a top hat was talking to the old
bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut.
 And slowly, Harry looked into the
faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as
though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family,
for the first time in his life.
 As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land
nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry felt a hand on his
shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore's smiling face.
 As usual when he was
indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed.
 Aunt Petunia burst
into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he
looked so handsome and grown-up.
 Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley
looked like a baby angel -- Harry often said that Dudley looked like a
pig in a wig.
 Both of them were
thickset and looked extremely mean.
 But he did seem to
realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat,
which was still staring at him from the other end of the street.
 Draco
Malfoy looked at him.
 Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon.
 Dursley looked shocked and angry.
 Everything looked so strange, somehow.
 For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at
the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall
blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from
Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out.
 For a moment it looked as though she might faint.
 Hagrid took up two seats and
sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent.
 Harry
looked over her shoulder to read it:

Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,

Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,

One among us seven will let you move ahead,

Another will transport the drinker back instead,

Two among our number hold only nettle wine,

Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.
 Harry
looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly
back into solid wall.
 Harry
thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him.
 Harry felt strangely as though he had
entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that
had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow
boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.
 Harry glanced at Ron, who
looked as stumped as he was; Hermione's hand had shot into the air.
 Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with
his wand in the air.
 Harry looked at it, too.
 Harry looked at the floor.
 Harry looked behind him
and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the
words Platform Nine and Three-Quarters on it, He had done it.
 Harry looked over his
shoulder -- but still, no one was there.
 He
gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might cry.
 He
looked tearful.
 He drove them into the
middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in
the car, and off they went again.
 He glanced at Harry and then
looked quickly out of the window, pretending he hadn't looked.
 He had looked through his books at the Dursleys', but did
Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs
and Fungi?
 He leaned against the wooden door and looked
up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun.
 He looked
very out of place in his moleskin overcoat.
 He looked as if he'd been knocked out.
 He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his
gaze.
 He looked back at the
whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better
of it.
 He looked back at the snake and winked, too.
 He looked behind
him.
 He looked carefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar
that stood out, livid, on Harry's forehead.
 He looked closer at
Scabbers.
 He looked even smaller and
skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes
of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was.
 He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild - long
tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, he had hands
the size of trash can lids, and his feet in their leather boots were
like baby dolphins.
 He looked skyward.
 He looked suddenly anxious.
 He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild
eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch's
outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks
still ringing in his ears.
 He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as
though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out
of the window again.
 He took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a
smile, which looked quite painful.
 He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next
to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop.
 He was pale and looked as though he was about to cry.
 Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and
looked desperate to start proving that she wasn't a dunderhead.
 If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed
Mrs.
 In their nervous state, every statue's shadow looked
like Filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping
down on them.
 It grew
steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a
headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky -- and
a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of
them.
 It looked
as if Norbert's fangs were poisonous.
 It looked as
though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the
second television and the racing bike.
 It looked like hard work.
 It looked very
solid.
 It was covered
in what looked like lumpy gray glue.
 It wasn't bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they
watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley,
except that it wasn't blond.
 It wasn't exactly pretty; Harry thought
it looked like a crumpled, black umbrella.
 Like Hagrid, Fang was
clearly not as fierce as he looked.
 Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry
looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars.
 Malfoy looked
stunned.
 Neville
appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked
as though he'd been making another bid for freedom.
 Neville, indeed, looked
as if he'd never speak again.
 Perhaps it was Harry's
imagination, after all he'd heard about Slytherin, but he thought they
looked like an unpleasant lot.
 Quirrell's
head looked strangely small without it.
 Ron looked taken aback.
 Setting the lamp down carefully on the floor,
he looked along the bottom shelf for an interestinglooking book.
 She hadn't looked so excited since they'd
gotten back the marks for their very first piece of homework.
 She looked distinctly ruffled.
 She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert
as she towered over the three of them.
 Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class.
 So I told him, Fluffy's a piece o' cake if yeh know how to
calm him down, jus' play him a bit o' music an' he'll go straight off
ter sleep --"

Hagrid suddenly looked horrified.
 Standing on either side of the pale
boy, they looked like bodyguards.
 Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head
suspended in midair, his body completely invisible.
 The dark shapes of desks and chairs
were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper
basket -- but propped against the wall facing him was something that
didn't look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone
had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
 The hooded
figure raised its head and looked right at Harry -- unicorn blood was
dribbling down its front.
 The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell's
turban straight into Harry's eyes -- and a sharp, hot pain shot across
the scar on Harry's forehead.
 The lamp looked as if it was floating along
in midair, and even though Harry could feel his arm supporting it, the
sight gave him the creeps.
 The pain in his head
lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and
saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering
before his eyes.
 The reflections did not fade
and he looked and looked until a distant noise brought him back to his
senses.
 The tub was full of what looked like
dirty rags swimming in gray water.
 Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was
watching.
 Then he looked up at Ron
and Hermione.
 Then he looked up at Ron and said, "If anything happens to
me, don't follow.
 They
were the only things in the room that looked as though they'd never been
touched.
 They passed book shops and music stores,
hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if it
could sell you a magic wand.
 Three things
lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon's sister Marge, who was
vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a
bill, and -- a letter for Harry.
 Uncle Vernon was pointing at what
looked like a large rock way out at sea.
 What looked like a fat
little monk was saying: "Forgive and forget, I say, we ought to give him
a second chance --"

"My dear Friar, haven't we given Peeves all the chances he deserves?
 When he looked up, the figure had gone.
"

And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go
of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms -- Harry could see
they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny.
"

As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.
"

Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode.
"

Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but
Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had
been a horrible mistake.
"

Hagrid looked furious with himself.
"

Harry bolted to the door and looked out.
"

Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door.
"

Harry looked at the tiny bottle.
"

Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone.
"

Harry looked into the fire.
"

Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost
sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained
with silver blood.
"

Harry's stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he saw, looked pale under
his freckles.
"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell
him.
"

He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared
argue.
"

He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione didn't.
"

Hermione looked convinced, but Ron didn't.
"

Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was
glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
"

Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of comfort.
"

Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.
"

Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and
Neville.
"

Ron picked up a green bean, looked at it carefully, and bit into a
corner.
"

Ron went purple in the face; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn.
"

Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn't
going at all the way he wanted.
"

The hall looked spectacular.
"

They both looked up.
"

They just looked at him, smiling.
"

They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the
right direction.
"

They looked at each other.
"

They looked at the dragon.
"

What looked like the oldest boy marched toward platforms nine and ten.
"

When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.
" Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening.
" Hagrid looked shocked.
" He looked suddenly suspicious.
" He looked terrified at the very thought.
" Ron looked dumbfounded.
" he looked around the chamber while
the other two squinted up at the flock of keys.
" said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she'd looked
something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages,
muttering to herself.
" said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable.

is 162



"Good Lord," said the bartender, peering at Harry, "is this -- can this
be --?


"'Scuse me, but is one of you Mr.


"And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor
on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to
die a very painful death.


"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up the grassy
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?


"First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to
all pupils.


"Harry Potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used -for?


"Harry's is better than ours, though," said Fred, holding up Harry's
sweater.


"He is with me wherever I go," said Quirrell quietly.


"He thinks this door is locked," Harry whispered.


"Is he -- a bit mad?


"Is it -- dead?


"Is it true?


"Is that where -?


"Is that you, Filch?


"It is!


"My name is Firenze," he added, as he lowered himself on to his front
legs so that Harry could clamber onto his back.


"Nicolas Flamel," she whispered dramatically, "is the only known maker
of the Sorcerer's Stone!


"None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing!


"Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelessly,
noticing where Harry was looking.


"Potter, this is Oliver Wood.


"So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Harry
went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me
off.


"So this is Dumbledore!


"So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and Snape's trying to
force Quirrell to help him get it.


"Sometimes," he said, "I find it hard to follow my master's instructions
-- he is a great wizard and I am weak --"

"You mean he was there in the classroom with you?


"This is Ron," Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a
large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate.


"This is boring," Dudley moaned.


"This is it!


"This is it," said Hagrid, coming to a halt, "the Leaky Cauldron.


"This mirror is the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured,
tapping his way around the frame.


"This," said Wood, "is the Golden Snitch, and it's the most important
ball of the lot.


"To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas
and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long
day.


"Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you
will learn at Hogwarts," she said.


"What is it?


"What is the difference, Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?


"What they're saying," she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort
turned up in Godric's Hollow.


"Where is this school, anyway?


Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,

To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:

First, however slyly the poison tries to hide

You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;

Second, different are those who stand at either end,

But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;

Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,

Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;

Fourth, the second left and the second on the right

Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.


What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he
thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does.

"Everywhere else is full.

Gryffindor is in the lead!

The forest is not safe at this time -- especially for you.

he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to
happen.
 "All you have to do is walk straight at the
barrier between platforms nine and ten.
 "And the
Quaffle is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor -- what
an excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too --"

"JORDAN!
 "Anyway, I know Malfoy's always going on about how good he
is at Quidditch, but I bet that's all talk.
 "Are you

"He is," said the first twin.
 "As there is little foolish wand-waving
here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic.
 "But see what the card is.
 "Christmas is a time for family.
 "Ever since you
mentioned Nicolas Flamel we've been trying to find out who he is.
 "Everything
we need is here on this paper.
 "For your information, Potter,
asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as
the Draught of Living Death.
 "Hagrid, he'd have
found out somehow, this is Voldemort we're talking about, he'd have
found out even if you hadn't told him.
 "He's not exactly recent if he's
six hundred and sixty-five, is he?
 "I know what this is -- it's
Devil's Snare!
 "I'm
sure it is -- try it on.
 "If that's what I think it
is -- they're really rare, and really valuable.
 "It is a beautiful and terrible thing,
and should therefore be treated with great caution.
 "Mars is
bright tonight," he said simply.
 "Mars is bright tonight.
 "Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even
if it's not too easy to play.
 "So it has been
for ages past, so it is now.
 "That's top secret,
that is.
 "The thing is -- the thing is, I don't know how to
--"

"How to get onto the platform?
 "There he is,
Mom, there he is, look!
 "There is no platform nine and
three-quarters.
 "This is it.
 "This is the Potter boy.
 "This is the best team Gryffindor's had
in years.
 "We haven't won since Charlie left, but this year's team is
going to be brilliant.
 "Well, it's not very
good, is it?
 "What
happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a
complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows.
 "What is a
wizard's duel?
 "Which is your wand arm?
 "Who is it?
 "Why is he with you?
 "You are sure which is which, aren't
you?
 -- 'to
the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.
 A bezoar is a stone taken from the stomach
of a goat and it will save you from most poisons.
 A game of
Quidditch only ends when the Snitch is caught, so it can go on for ages
-- I think the record is three months, they had to keep bringing on
substitutes so the players could get some sleep.
 After all, to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great
adventure.
 All anyone knows is, he turned up in the village where
you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago.
 An' then -- an' this is the real myst'ry of
the thing -- he tried to kill you, too.
 An' this is
Ronan, you two.
 And
then yeh gotta find yer way -- Gringotts is hundreds of miles under
London, see.
 And saying the magic
words properly is very important, too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio,
who said 's' instead of 'f' and found himself on the floor with a
buffalo on his chest.
 And this is Ron, our brother.
 And what model is it?
 At the end of the year, the house with the most points is
awarded the house cup, a great honor.
 Blimey, this is
difficult.
 But
he is a bit mad, yes.
 But how is the boy
getting here, Dumbledore?
 Gringotts is the safest place in the world fer
anything yeh want ter keep safe -- 'cept maybe Hogwarts.
 Hagrid
called "Who is it?
 Have we not read
what is to come in the movements of the planets?
 He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking
for another body to share.
 I have one myself
above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground.
 I hope this is one of those
times.
 I might get Agrippa -- thanks

Harry turned over his card and read:

ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS

Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is
particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in
1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his
work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel.
 I set myself against what is lurking in this forest, Bane, yes,
with humans alongside me if I must.
 I thought we'd
be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, he'd

tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Hagrid growled.
 I told you I'd read
the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen
to this: 'Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark
wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of
dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas
Flamel'!
 I'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing
you two say is going to stop me!
 If there is one thing Voldemort cannot
understand, it is love.
 Is he really, Fred?
 Is that all right''

Dudley thought for a moment.
 Is that true?
 Is this your toad?
 It
so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave
another feather -- just one other.
 It is in your very skin.
 It is not our business to run around like
donkeys after stray humans in our forest!
 It is time it was
returned to you.
 It is very curious indeed that you
should be destined for this wand when its brother why, its brother gave
you that scar.
 Know who
he is?
 Men have wasted away before it, entranced by
what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is
real or even possible.
 Nah, first stop fer us is
Gringotts.
 Nevertheless, Harry, while you may only have delayed his
return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to
fight what seems a losing battle next time -- and if he is delayed
again, and again, why, he may never return to power.
 Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I
mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
will be enough -- I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.
 Now, the last member of the team is the

Seeker.
 Potter, do you know what is hidden in the school at this very
moment?
 So it's you, is it?
 Suppose the myst'ry is why
You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on his side before.
 The Sorting is a very
important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be
something like your family within Hogwarts.
 The happiest man on earth would be able to use the
Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it
and see himself exactly as he is.
 The most you and Malfoy'll be able to do is send
sparks at each other.
 The rumor is
that Lily and James Potter are -- are -- that they're -- dead.
 The two things most human beings
would choose above all -- the trouble is, humans do have a knack of
choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
 There are
some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and
knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
 There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too
weak to seek it.
 This is Harry Potter an'
Hermione Granger, by the way.
 This is money?
 This is the end!
 This is the second time in a week.
 Trouble is, they mustn't be seen carrying an illegal
dragon.
 What is that to do with us?
 but where is it?
 is the Stone inside the mirror?
 to
have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone,
will give us some protection forever.
"

"And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is," said Ron.
"

"Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid," said
Snape silkily.
"

"But this is servant stuff, it's not for students to do.
"

"Do you realize who this is?
"

"Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us.
"

"Is he always that nervous?
"

"It is," Firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive long
enough to drink something else -- something that will bring you back to
full strength and power -- something that will mean you can never die.
"

"It's not a stoat sandwich, is it?
"

"Mars is bright tonight," Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him
impatiently.
"

"Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many
demands on his time --

"But this is important.
"

"So what is Quidditch?
"

"Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic,
Potter.
"

"That is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn," said
Firenze.
"

"That's why yer late, is it?
"

"This is where I leave you," Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to
examine the unicorn.
"

"We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all," said Hermione.
"

"Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that there's still
witches an' wizards up an' down the country.
"

"What is it?
"

"What's all th is noise.
"

"You don't understand," said Harry, "this is important.
"

It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more
strange and exciting than the wild rumors.
"

She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and Ron read: The ancient
study of alchemy is concerned with making the Sorcerer's Stone, a
legendary substance with astonishing powers.
" "Oh, we found out who he
is ages ago," said Ron impressively.
" said Harry, "so there's someone called Nicolas Flamel involved,
is there?

are 149


"Ahern -- just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered.


"Always the innocent are the first victims," he said.


"And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet,
a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to
Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin
Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying
like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent
move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle --
that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint,
off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of
the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken by the Slytherins -- that's
Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a
second Bludger -- sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell
which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in
possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's
really flying -- dodges a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead
-- come on, now, Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses --
GRYFFINDORS SCORE!


"Are all your family wizards?


"Are you all right?


"Are you really Harry Potter?


"Are you really?


"Are you serious, Professor?


"Are you sure that's a real spell?


"Are you up yet?


"Be warned, Potter -- any more nighttime wanderings and I will
personally make sure you are expelled.


"Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon
hatching?


"Hermione, the exams are ages away.


"Hungry, are you?


"I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall.


"I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks," he said
coolly.


"Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said Snape.


"Of course there are," said Ron.


"Oh, are you doing magic?


"Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?


"The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and
Slytherin.


"The gold ones are Galleons," he explained.


"There are all kinds of courage," said Dumbledore, smiling.


"We'd better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of
us -- if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own --"

"What are you doing?


"Well, there you are, boy.


"Well, there you are," Harry said quietly, "Snape's already got past
Fluffy.


"Well, well, well," he whispered, "we are in trouble.


"Well, what are you all waiting for?


"What are these?


"What are you doing?


"What are you looking for, boy?


"What are you three doing inside?


"Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts," said Hagrid fiercely.


"Yeh don' know what yeh are?


"You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of
potionmaking," he began.


"You are not.


"You are the Potter boy," he said.


"You know, I think the ends of Scabbers' whiskers are a bit lighter,"
said Harry, trying to take Ron's mind off houses.


Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,

To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:

First, however slyly the poison tries to hide

You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;

Second, different are those who stand at either end,

But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;

Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,

Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;

Fourth, the second left and the second on the right

Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.


Dear Ron,

How are you?


You might belong in Gryffindor,

Where dwell the brave at heart,

Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart;

You might belong in Hufflepuff,

Where they are just and loyal,

Those patient Hufflepuffis are true And unafraid of toil;

Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,

if you've a ready mind,

Where those of wit and learning,

Will always find their kind;

Or perhaps in Slytherin

You'll make your real friends,

Those cunning folk use any means

To achieve their ends.

"They're not really frogs, are they?

Three of them are called Chasers.

When you are older.
 "ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT?
 "Anyway, what
are you studying for, you already know it A.
 "Are you

"He is," said the first twin.
 "Are you sure?
 "Are you trying to earn some extra money, Weasley?
 "How are yeh?
 "How are you supposed to keep your
eyes on all three heads at once?
 "I'm up front, the prefects have got
two compartments to themselves --"

"Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?
 "Remember, Firenze, we
are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens.
 "Seekers are
always the ones who get clobbered by the other team.
 "Students, are you?
 "That big one -- there -- no, there
-- with bright blue wings -- the feathers are all crumpled on one side.
 "These two are
the Bludgers.
 "What are they like?
 "What are you
doing, checking for letter bombs?
 "What are you doing?
 "Yer
not still lookin' fer Nicolas Flamel, are yeh?
 "You are breaking and
entering!
 "You are safe now.
 "You are sure which is which, aren't
you?
 "You'll soon find out some wizarding families
are much better than others, Potter.
 All my family are dead -- let me have another look --"

"You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time.
 Although owls normally
hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been
hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since
sunrise.
 And here they are: Nitwit!
 Anyway,
who says the centaurs are right?
 Are
you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie?
 Are you a common mule?
 Are you crazy?
 Are you sure?
 Are you there?
 As for monkshood and
wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of
aconite.
 Centaurs are concerned with
what has been foretold!
 Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o'
duffers, but --"

"I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Harry gloomily.
 Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly
changed their sleeping pattern.
 Finally he said,
"Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at
chess --"

"We're not offended," said Harry quickly.
 Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said,
"I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are.
 Harry
looked over her shoulder to read it:

Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,

Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,

One among us seven will let you move ahead,

Another will transport the drinker back instead,

Two among our number hold only nettle wine,

Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.
 Harry, are you all right?
 He
gives us all a bad name and you know, he's not really even a ghost -- I
say, what are you all doing here?
 He asked if he knew how to get past
Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon
there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of
enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts
spell that Snape needs to break through --"

"So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to
Snape?
 He meant to say thank you, but the words
got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, "Who are
you?
 Here we are.
 Hopefully your heads are all a
little fuller than they were.
 How are we going to get
any points back if we can't win at Quidditch?
 I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as
you can while you are waiting.
 I think the best thing
will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to
visit me next week.
 If he'd known who yeh were -- he's grown
up knowin' yer name if his parents are wizardin' folk.
 My aunt and uncle and cousin are,
though.
 No need to ask who you are.
 No two Ollivander wands
are the same, just as no two unicorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite
the same.
 Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I
mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
will be enough -- I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.
 Norris are
wandering around.
 One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings)

Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags

COURSE BOOKS

All students should have a copy of each of the following:

The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk

A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot

Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling

A Beginners' Guide to Transfiguration by Emetic Switch

One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore

Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger

Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander

The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble

OTHER EQUIPMENT

wand cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) set

glass or crystal phials

telescope set

brass scales

Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad

PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN
BROOMSTICKS

"Can we buy all this in London?
 People are being downright careless, out on
the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes,
swapping rumors.
 Potter,

We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
 Red sparks, the others are in trouble!
 Seven bottles: three are poison; two are
wine; one will get us safely through the black fire, and one will get us
back through the purple.
 She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her
eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little closer to the
glass.
 Sir,
quick --"

"Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said
Dumbledore.
 So what are
they for?
 Students are finishing
the feast in their houses.
 That's why you have two Beaters on each
team -- the Weasley twins are ours -- it's their job to protect their
side from the Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team.
 The
points are all in and Slytherin won, of course -- you missed the last
Quidditch match, we were steamrollered by Ravenclaw without you -- but
the food'll be good.
 The Sorting is a very
important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be
something like your family within Hogwarts.
 The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive,
even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price.
 The rumor is
that Lily and James Potter are -- are -- that they're -- dead.
 The two things most human beings
would choose above all -- the trouble is, humans do have a knack of
choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
 Then
he said, "Sir, there are some other things I'd like to know, if you can
tell me.
 There are
some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and
knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
 There are more important
things -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Harry -- be careful!
 There are seven players on each side.
 What are you
doing in the library?
 When are you getting the train back to the
Muggles?
 Where
are your parents?
 Where are you?
 While you are at Hogwarts, your
triumphs will earn your house points, while any rulebreaking will lose
house points.
 You
leave those brooms where they are or you'll be out of Hogwarts before
you can say 'Quidditch.
 You couldn't
find two people who are less like us.
 hard work and pain are the
best teachers if you ask me.
 there are loads of them.
 when you are
ready, you will know.
 you really are a natural.
"

"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving
very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Hermione in a
sniffy voice.
"

"Are there many of them in here?
"

"Are we allowed to speak yet?
"

"But sit, the Stone

I see you are not to be distracted.
"

"But there are hundreds of them!
"

"But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?
"

"Don't worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers -- I
mean, they're like a pair of human Bludgers themselves.
"

"Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well?
"

"Gulpin' gargoyles, Harry, people are still scared.
"

"Hagrid," said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, "did you say
there are dragons at Gringotts?
"

"Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,"
snapped Ron.
"

"I know who you are!
"

"Master, you are not strong enough!
"

"Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said
stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't realize
how risky feasts could be.
"

"Ready, are you?
"

"There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact," said
Harry, "about what's guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy --"

"SHHHH!
"

"What are you talking about, Dean?
"

"What are you talking about?
"

"What house are your brothers in?
"

"Why are you going to London?
"

"Yeah -- yer not still on abou' that, are yeh?
"

Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls
are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.
"
"And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff?

it's 142


"A Muggle," said Hagrid, "it's what we call nonmagic folk like thern.


"But it's against our laws," said Ron.


"Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to me on the way
back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said Hagrid.


"Do you think it's a ghost?


"Don't want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early
capture of the Snitch it's now.


"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up the grassy
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?


"I do -- Father says it's a crime if I'm not picked to play for my
house, and I must say, I agree.


"It's -- all -- my -- ruddy -- fault!


"It's -- it's true?


"It's Hedwig!


"It's Monday," he told his mother.


"It's a Remembrall!


"It's an invisibility cloak," said Ron, a look of awe on his face.


"It's here -- just here -- yes!


"It's nearly out.


"It's not any old broomstick," he said, "it's a Nimbus Two Thousand.


"It's not just my hand," he whispered, "although that feels like it's
about to fall off.


"It's not my fault," said Wood.


"It's not poison?


"It's not that unusual, yeh get a lot o' funny folk in the Hog's Head --
that's the pub down in the village.


"It's obvious, isn't it?


"It's okay!


"It's sort of secret," he said, but he wished at once he hadn't, because
Professor McGonagall's nostrils flared.


"It's the full Body-Bind," said Hermione miserably.


"It's the girls' bathroom!


"It's tonight," said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGonagall was
out of earshot.


"It's too late to change the plan now," Harry told Hermione.


"Look," said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, "Professor -- it's
about the Sorcerer's tone --"

Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasn't that.


"No -- but it's like ice.


"Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Hermione muttered as Ron
slipped his wand up his sleeve.


"Oh, it's you, Ronan," said Hagrid in relief.


"Right then," said Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous
what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want no one takin' risks.


"This," said Wood, "is the Golden Snitch, and it's the most important
ball of the lot.


"We won't practice with the Snitch yet," said Wood, carefully shutting
it back inside the crate, "it's too dark, we might lose it.


"Well, it's best yeh know as much as I can tell yeh -- mind, I can't
tell yeh everythin', it's a great myst'ry, parts of it.


"Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good.

"Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," Ron sighed, as evening
after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were
getting.

An' it's your bad luck you grew up in a family o' the biggest Muggles I
ever laid eyes on.

He had written only two words: It's hatching.

It's just astounding.

It's really very selfish of you.
 "And it's really thanks to Malfoy here
that I've got it," he added.
 "And we know what that dog's
guarding, it's a Sorcerer's St --"

"Shhhh!
 "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
-- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -"

"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
the front door.
 "But it's that sad -- knew yer mum an' dad, an' nicer
people yeh couldn't find -- anyway.
 "Come on, boy -- it's all right,
up you get.
 "Don' worry, it can't've
gone far if it's this badly hurt, an' then we'll be able ter -- GET
BEHIND THAT TREE!
 "First o' September -- King's Cross
-- it's all on yer ticket.
 "Go on --"

"You don't want this, it's all dry," said Ron.
 "Got this outta the library -- Dragon Breeding
for Pleasure and Profit -- it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's
all in here.
 "I know what this is -- it's
Devil's Snare!
 "I think it's a warning.
 "It's Wing-gar-dium
Levi-o-sa, make the 'gar' nice and long.
 "It's about the YouKnow-What in
vault seven hundred and thirteen.
 "It's either really valuable or really dangerous," said Ron.
 "It's for your own good, you know.
 "It's just lucky I got it
back.
 "It's no wonder no
one can stand her," he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the
crowded corridor, "she's a nightmare, honestly.
 "It's not easy ter catch a unicorn,
they're powerful magic creatures.
 "It's odd, because he
usually gives us a reason why we're not allowed to go somewhere -- the
forest's full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows that.
 "It's people they feel sorry for.
 "It's that stupid thing Longbottom's gran sent him.
 "My scar keeps
hurting -- it's happened before, but never as often as this.
 "Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even
if it's not too easy to play.
 "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the
world --" And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the
positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to
with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had the
money.
 "Seventeen silver Sickles to
a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Sickle, it's easy enough.
 "The
unicorn's dead, Hagrid, it's in that clearing back there.
 "This isn't magic -- it's logic -- a puzzle.
 "Well, it's not very
good, is it?
 "Well, it's true," Harry chortled as they
reached the top of the marble staircase, "If he hadn't stolen Neville's
Remembrall I wouln't be on the team.
 An' I reckon it's abou' time yeh read yer letter.
 Everyone expects me to do as well as the others,
but if I do, it's no big deal, because they did it first.
 How
many people wander around with dragon eggs if it's against wizard law?
 I can see

"Be quiet, Ginny, and it's rude to point.
 I don't
know how you found out about the Stone, but rest assured, no one can
possibly steal it, it's too well protected.
 I know it's
hard.
 I know it's here somewhere.
 I suppose it's here to break the fall.
 I suppose you think it's
funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?
 I've tried a few simple spells just for practice and it's
all worked for me.
 If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to
go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's
only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over
to the Dark Side!
 It's a
famous place.
 It's all right, he only got my boot -- jus' playin' -- he's only
a baby, after all.
 It's almost like he thought I had the
right to face Voldemort if I could.
 It's an outrage!
 It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't suppose you
get that with the Muggles -- someone tried to rob a high security
vault.
 It's dangerous.
 It's hard to stop
Muggles from noticing us if we're keeping dragons in the back garden -
anyway, you can't tame dragons, it's dangerous.
 It's just a pity they let the old
punishments die out.
 It's like -- like soccer in the Muggle
world -- everyone follows Quidditch -- played up in the air on
broomsticks and there's four balls -- sorta hard ter explain the rules.
 It's not been an easy
journey.
 It's not exactly a secret we hate him,
Dumbledore'll think we made it up to get him sacked.
 It's nothin' to you what that dog's guardin'.
 It's obviously
guarding something.
 It's one o'clock in the morning.
 It's really there - like lightning.
 It's the Seeker's job to catch it.
 It's time.
 It's very hard to catch because it's so fast and
difficult to see.
 Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around
school at night, especially these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty
points will be taken from Gryffindor.
 Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I
mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
will be enough -- I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.
 Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early -- it's
not until next week, folks!
 Please cheer up,
Hagrid, we saved the Stone, it's gone, he can't use it.
 So if I look in the
mirror, I should see myseff finding it -- which means I'll see where
it's hidden!
 So it's you, is it?
 That's where he was going when
we saw him -- he's after whatever it's guarding!
 That's why you have two Beaters on each
team -- the Weasley twins are ours -- it's their job to protect their
side from the Bludgers and try and knock them toward the other team.
 They can meet you there and take him away while it's still
dark.
 They say he always favors them -- we'll be able to see
if it's true.
 We think he was trying
to steal whatever it's guarding.
 Well, I
say your father favored it -- it's really the wand that chooses the
wizard, of course.
 Well, Nicolas and I have had
a little chat, and agreed it's all for the best.
 Well, think again, boy -- it's into the forest you're going and I'm
much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece.
 YOU WON'T BELIEVE
WHAT IT'S DOING!
 You could be
great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you
on the way to greatness, no doubt about that -- no?
 You forget that dog, an' you forget what
it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel
--"

"Aha!
 it's our
fault he's here in the first place.
 want to read it," said
Harry furiously, "as it's mine.
"

"And it's really none of your business," said Harry.
"

"Bet it's that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found
in our first week.
"

"But this is servant stuff, it's not for students to do.
"

"But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?
"

"Come on, cheer up, it's nearly Christmas," said Hagrid.
"

"Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here
under this big one from Mommy and Daddy.
"

"Dunno, but I hope it's really hurting him," said Ron bitterly.
"

"It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow," said Hagrid
loudly.
"

"It's lucky it's dark.
"

"It's not a stoat sandwich, is it?
"

"It's not funny.
"

"It's obvious," said Ron.
"

"It's on my ticket.
"

"It's our sport.
"

"It's the best place for him," said Dumbledore firmly.
"

"Nothing, that's why it's such big news.
"

"Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled
Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his
neck.
"

"Someone was lookin' through the gap in the curtains -- it's a kid --
he's runnin' back up ter the school.
"

"Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not
only the owls that have been acting oddly today.
"

He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, "It
begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's incredible
yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows --"

"Who?
"

I don't think so," said Harry, I think it's just been knocked out.
"

On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
thing -- ").
" he called up to the light the size of a postage stamp,
which was the open trapdoor, "it's a soft landing, you can jump!
" said Ron softly, "It's the only way.

don't 141


"But we don't feet like leaving, do we, boys?


"But you don't use them?


"Come on, back in this infernal cart, and don't talk to me on the way
back, it's best if I keep me mouth shut," said Hagrid.


"Dinky Duddydums, don't cry, Mummy won't let him spoil your special
day!


"Don't ask me, they're supposed to be really stupid," said Ron.


"Don't ask questions!


"Don't be a fool," snarled the face.


"Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.


"Don't do that.


"Don't know why he's so bothered," said Ron.


"Don't play," said Hermione at once.


"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Harry sat down next to
him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Harry's face.


"Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!


"Don't want to pressure you, Potter, but if we ever need an early
capture of the Snitch it's now.


"Don't you care about Gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, I
don't want Slytherin to win the house cup, and you'll lose all the
points I got from Professor McGonagall for knowing about Switching
Spells.


"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up the grassy
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?


"Don't, Ginny, we'll send you loads of owls.


"Er -- I don't know any," Harry confessed.


"I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got Neville.


"I don't know how the Muggles manage without magic," he said as they
climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined
with shops.


"I don't know, sit," said Harry.


"I don't know, sit.


"I don't know," said Harry quietly.


"I don't understand.


"I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.


"I-I don't know what you

"You know perfectly well what I mean.


"No, we don't mind," he said.


"Now, don't ask me anymore," said Hagrid gruffly.


"Now, don't forget that nice wrist movement we've been practicing!


"Now, don't forget, it's Locomotor Mortis," Hermione muttered as Ron
slipped his wand up his sleeve.


"Oh, honestly, don't you two read?


"Professor -- please

"You can't --"

"Don't tell me what I can and can't do, Potter.


"Yes, don't stop now," said Ron, "it's doing us so much good.


"You don't have to --"

"I know I don't have to.


"You don't know that you'll make a fool of yourself," said Ron
reasonably.


"You don't think they've been hurt, do you?


And don't get in a flap!


From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I don't
want him in there.


I know they don't," said Harry.


It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I don't want everybody
knowing you've got a broomstick or they'll all want one.

Lucky they found Hagrid, don't you think?
 "And I don't suppose you're going to
tell me why you're here, of all places?
 "And don't ask
questions.
 "Don't
send me there, can't you see his knight?
 "Don't nag.
 "Don't you understand?
 "Go on --"

"You don't want this, it's all dry," said Ron.
 "Here I go - now,
don't hang around once you've won.
 "I don't
need to, of course, but one does miss it.
 "I don't know how deep
this thing goes.
 "I suppose she
thinks you don't forget your name.
 "I think Hermione does, though, why
don't you try her?
 "If I don't, all the
Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face Snape.
 "Neville, you don't know
what you're doing.
 "No -- I don't believe it -- he's gone back to sleep-"

And so he had.
 "Only don't tell anyone, Wood
wants to keep it a secret.
 "Snape came out and asked me what I was
doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him,
and I've only just got away, I don't know where Snape went.
 "The thing is -- the thing is, I don't know how to
--"

"How to get onto the platform?
 "They don't know we're not allowed to use magic
at home.
 "They don't look very vicious, but I suppose if
they all swooped down at once.
 "We don't want you attacked before you have to be.
 "You
don't use your eyes, any of you, do you?
 "You realize that, don't
you?
 A rip near the brim opened
wide like a mouth -- and the hat began to sing:

"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,

But don't judge on what you see,

I'll eat myself if you can find

A smarter hat than me.
 And don't forget,
we're not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy.
 And don't you
dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday.
 And you don't have to worry about the Quaffle or the
Bludgers unless they crack my head open.
 But I don't
understand who --"

"Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power,
who has clung to life, awaiting their chance?
 D'you want the card, you
collect them, don't you?
 Don't be afraid!
 Don't go back
tonight.
 Don't stop and don't be scared
you'll crash into it, that's very important.
 Finally he said,
"Now, don't be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at
chess --"

"We're not offended," said Harry quickly.
 Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said,
"I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are.
 He kept
threatening to tell her what really bit me -- I've told her it was a
dog, but I don't think she believes me -I shouldn't have hit him at the
Quidditch match, that's why he's doing this.
 He pulled one of them apart and said, "She always
forgets I don't like corned beef.
 He turned right
around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet
with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!
 I
don't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in
Slytherin.
 I
don't think I can be a wizard.
 I don't
know how you found out about the Stone, but rest assured, no one can
possibly steal it, it's too well protected.
 I don't expect you
will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with
its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through
human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.
 I don't know what
happened when Vol-, sorry -- I mean, the night my parents died.
 I don't know what they'll say if I'm not.
 I don't see why
first years can't have their own.
 I don't think I've in troduced
myself?
 I don't think it was an accident he let me
find out how the mirror worked.
 I don't think you should be
breaking any more rules!
 I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come
across a vomitflavored one, and since then I'm afraid I've rather lost
my liking for them -- but I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee, don't
you?
 If they don't get an
answer.
 It's been all over the Daily Prophet, but I don't suppose you
get that with the Muggles -- someone tried to rob a high security
vault.
 My
dad says it must've been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts,
but they don't think they took anything, that's what's odd.
 No, don't you dare.
 Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.
 Now, why don't you put that admirable cloak back on and
get off to bed?
 On the contrary, his face split into a wide smile and he said in
a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir,
for nothing could upset me today!
 Right, off we go, and don't think of
running off, now, it'll be worse for you if you do.
 Tell them we don't
want --"

Harry could see Uncle Vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the
kitchen.
 Then he looked up at Ron and said, "If anything happens to
me, don't follow.
 They're very important, I
should have started studying a month ago, I don't know what's gotten
into me.
 Uncle Vernon said
sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley.
 Wandering
around in the middle of the night, how dare you --"

"You don't understand, Professor.
 What, they don't move at all?
 Why don't you go to bed,
Neville?
 You don't think
they're watching the house?
 You don't want to go making friends
with the wrong sort.
 Your platform
should be somewhere in the middle, but they don't seem to have built it
yet, do they?
 but I don't know
anything about magic at all.
 don't.
 why don't you give
me that Stone in your pocket?
"

"B-b-but Severus, I --"

"You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said Snape, taking a step
toward him.
"

"Don't be stupid," said Ron.
"

"Don't make me feel worse," said Harry.
"

"Don't push me --"

A sudden noise outside in the corridor put an end to their discussion.
"

"Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle Vernon.
"

"Don't worry about that," said Hagrid, standing up and scratching his
head.
"

"Don't worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us.
"

"Don't worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers -- I
mean, they're like a pair of human Bludgers themselves.
"

"Don't," Harry advised her.
"

"Good - well, look, Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you
later --"

"Don't leave me!
"

"I -- don't -- want said Percy thickly, as the twins forced the sweater
over his head, knocking his glasses askew.
"

"I don't know," said Harry, realizing this for the first time.
"

"I don't know.
"

"I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said Dumbledore gently.
"

"I don't want anything.
"

"I really don't think they should let the other sort in, do you?
"

"I'm serious, Harry, don't go.
"

"Neville, "Ron exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot
--"

"Don't you call me an idiot!
"

"No, I don't!
"

"Not if you don't give us away, Peeves, please.
"

"Oh, come off it, you don't think we'd let you go alone?
"

"Ron --"

"Look, if you don't hurry up, he'll already have the Stone!
"

"Shan't say nothing if you don't say please," said Peeves in his
annoying singsong voice.
"

"Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not
only the owls that have been acting oddly today.
"

"Why don't we go down and visit Hagrid?
"

"You don't mean -- you can't mean the people who live here?
"

"You don't understand," said Harry, "this is important.
"

Don't ask questions -- that was the first rule for a quiet life with the
Dursleys.
"

He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seconds, and then said, "It
begins, I suppose, with -- with a person called -- but it's incredible
yeh don't know his name, everyone in our world knows --"

"Who?
"

I don't think so," said Harry, I think it's just been knocked out.
" said Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to
stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already.
"'

"Don't mess with me, Peeves, now where did they go?

dumbledore 141



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

NICOLAS FLAMEL

Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of
Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the
invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk.


"Ahem," said Dumbledore.


"Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!


"Dumbledore again," he said, "He was the first one I ever-"

He gasped.


"Dumbledore?


"Everyone pick their favorite tune," said Dumbledore, "and off we go!


"Go to Dumbledore.


"Good afternoon, Harry," said Dumbledore.


"Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved.


"Harry, everyone says Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was ever
afraid of With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won't touch you.


"I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore," he invented.


"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore,
nodding to her.


"Must be," said Percy, frowning at Dumbledore.


"Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried
--"

"The whole school's talking about it," said Ron.


"One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore.


"Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," she said coldly.


"Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow," she said finally.


"See Professor Dumbledore?


"Sir -- Professor Dumbledore?


"So this is Dumbledore!


"So," said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with
Harry, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of
the Mirror of Erised.


"There are all kinds of courage," said Dumbledore, smiling.


"Tokens from your friends and admirers," said Dumbledore, beaming.


"We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Hermione, rather bravely,
Harry and Ron thought.


"We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Harry.


"Well done," said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could hear.


"Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that.


"Which means, Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even
Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, "we
need a little change of decoration.


"Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said Dumbledore.


"Yes," said Dumbledore.


"You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said
Ron, when Harry told him about these drearns.


Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a
street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome.


Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet.


At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to
his feet again.


Dumbledore gave his wand a little flick, as if he was trying to get a
fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, which rose
high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words.


Dumbledore nodded glumly.


Dumbledore raised his hand.


Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street.


Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later.

"Dumbledore -- you can't.

Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they
had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest.

I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far
the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw
wouldn't be too bad.

Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore.

Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he
ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an' Dumbledore
himself did somethin', o' course.

With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could
read upside down:

Dear Professor Dumbledore,

Given Harry his letter.
 "

Dumbledore bowed his head.
 "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
-- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -"

"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
the front door.
 "He's a funny man, Dumbledore.
 "I brought Ron round --
that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact
Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he
just said, 'Harry's gone after him, hasn't he?
 "I had no
idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin' hold of
yeh, how much yeh didn't know.
 "I know he's not very nice, but he
wouldn't try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe.
 "Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a
letter?
 "They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, 0 '
course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the
job.
 "Trust Dumbledore to come up with
something like this.
 "We wondered who Dumbledore had trusted enough to help him,
apart from you.
 And Neville will play Quidditch for
England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.
 And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair,
sat Albus Dumbledore.
 But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper.
 But how is the boy
getting here, Dumbledore?
 Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a
golden watch from his pocket and examined it.
 Dumbledore gave me the day off
yesterday ter fix it.
 Dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the
ceiling.
 Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his
cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down
on the wall next to the cat.
 Dumbledore, however, was choosing
another lemon drop and did not answer.
 Fer Dumbledore.
 G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir.
 Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to
Dumbledore, right?
 Grab
brooms from the flying- key room, they'll get you out of the trapdoor
and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to
Dumbledore, we need him.
 Great man,
Dumbledore.
 Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled
it over his head, "NEVER," he thundered, "- INSULT- ALBUS- DUMBLEDORE-
IN- FRONT- OF- ME!
 Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.
 He
sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when
Dumbledore turns up.
 He pulled out the letter and read:

HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY

Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc.
 He's found
out everything he needs, and now he's got Dumbledore out of the way.
 I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it
safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it,
that's why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!
 I couldn't do anything
with Dumbledore watching.
 I just hope
Dumbledore believes us.
 I might get Agrippa -- thanks

Harry turned over his card and read:

ALBUS DUMBLEDORE

CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS

Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is
particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in
1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his
work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel.
 I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley!
 I suppose he
really has gone, Dumbledore?
 I told you I'd read
the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen
to this: 'Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark
wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of
dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas
Flamel'!
 I've got to talk to Professor Dumbledore.
 It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because
he put it back in his pocket and said, "Hagrid's late.
 It was plain that
whatever "everyone" was saying, she was not going to believe it until
Dumbledore told her it was true.
 Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment.
 Maybe she was
taking him to Dumbledore.
 Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore
left fer him?
 Professor Dumbledore
enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.
 Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this.
 Sir,
quick --"

"Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times," said
Dumbledore.
 Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus
Dumbledore.
 So he pelts Dumbledore with owls
every morning, askin' fer advice.
 Soon he had not only Dumbledore and Morgana, but
Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin.
 The smiling face of Albus Dumbledore swam into view
above him.
 There was
simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was
watching.
 They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor
did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
 They had tied for the house cup -- if
only Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point.
 This man's name was Albus Dumbledore.
 Underneath the picture was the
name Albus Dumbledore.
 Up at
the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizard's hat for a
flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick
had just read him.
 You forget that dog, an' you forget what
it's guardin', that's between Professor Dumbledore an' Nicolas Flamel
--"

"Aha!
 probably knew
they were too close ter Dumbledore ter want anythin' ter do with the
Dark Side.
"

"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid
importantly, throwing out his chest.
"

"Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, sit," said the giant, climbing
carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke.
"

"Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?
"

"Exactly," said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his
half-moon glasses.
"

"I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said Dumbledore gently.
"

"It certainly seems so," said Dumbledore.
"

"It's the best place for him," said Dumbledore firmly.
"

"Not a soul knows except me an' Dumbledore," said Hagrid proudly.
"

"Obviously, you've just done so," Dumbledore smiled.
"

"Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many
demands on his time --

"But this is important.
"

"Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go," she said
stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didn't realize
how risky feasts could be.
"

"Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said Dumbledore,
and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.
"

"That's what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that -- what was it?
"

"We can only guess," said Dumbledore.
"

"Yeah -- he's mine -- bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub
las' year -- I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the

"Yes?
"

"Yes and no," said Dumbledore quietly.
"

"You can't blame them," said Dumbledore gently.
"

"You flatter me," said Dumbledore calmly.
"

"You let Professor Dumbledore in.
"

Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of
blankets.
"

Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill,
which gave Harry time to dry his eyes on the sheet.
"

Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder.
"

Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time.
"

Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harry's face.
"

Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house.
"

Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled back into the picture on his card and
gave him a small smile.
"

I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we can't bend the
first-year rule.
"

I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore.
"

It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most
anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard
wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed
Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as she did now.
"

It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Harry that Dumbledore
might not have been quite truthful.
"

Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls
are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.
"

She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping
he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on.
" Dumbledore said cheerfully.
" Dumbledore sighed.
" Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was
unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.
" cried
Dumbledore.
" said Dumbledore dreamily.
" said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted.
" said Dumbledore.

around 140


"--and you mustn't go wandering around the school at night, think of the
points you'll lose Gryffindor if you're caught, and you're bound to be.


"And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet,
a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to
Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin
Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying
like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent
move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle --
that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint,
off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of
the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken by the Slytherins -- that's
Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a
second Bludger -- sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell
which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in
possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's
really flying -- dodges a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead
-- come on, now, Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses --
GRYFFINDORS SCORE!


"Bin watchin' from me hut," said Hagrid, patting a large pair of
binoculars around his neck, "But it isn't the same as bein' in the
crowd.


"Can you see all your family standing around you?


"Harry, everyone says Dumbledore's the only one You-Know-Who was ever
afraid of With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who won't touch you.


"Harry, relax, Hermione's right, the Stone's safe as long as
Dumbledore's around.


"He's just the build for a Seeker, too," said Wood, now walking around
Harry and staring at him.


"If we just do a bit of poking around --"

"No," said Harry flatly, "we've done enough poking around.


"Now, I want a nice fair game, all of you," she said, once they were all
gathered around her.


"Should call Filch, I should, if something's a-creeping around unseen.


"Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner.


"This mirror is the key to finding the Stone," Quirrell murmured,
tapping his way around the frame.


"Wandering around at midnight, Ickle Firsties?


"Well -- yeah -- how many three-headed dogs d'yeh meet, even around
Hogwarts?


"Will you stop messing around!


"Yes," said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the
back.


"You asked me to come directly to you, Professor, if anyone was
wandering around at night, and somebody's been in the library Restricted
Section.


Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the
corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said,
"Anything off the cart, dears?


As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them.


By eleven o'clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around
the Quidditch pitch.


Harry swallowed and looked around him.


Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He
took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the
troll's neck from behind.


He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier.


He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without
Quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he
tripped and fell over.


Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Snape.


That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in
his brand-new uniform.


The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was
just no good telling the Dursleys he didn't make them happen.


They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, Oak
front door.


This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house,
wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he
could see a tiny ray of hope.

For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell
had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about
the weather; for another, they had noticed that a funny smell hung
around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed
full of garlic as well, so that Quirrell was protected wherever he went.

He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified,
too.

He set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around him as he
walked.

I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far
the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw
wouldn't be too bad.

It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving
around the edge.

Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of
students who would be staying for the holidays, and Harry had signed up
at once.

There was no reason on earth that Professor McGonagall would accept for
their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of
night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was
out-of-bounds except for classes.

Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key,
fumbling in their panic.
 "Anyone messing around in my class
will leave and not come back.
 "Hanging around

like this, people will think you're up to something.
 "Here I go - now,
don't hang around once you've won.
 "I met him when I
traveled around the world.
 "The Bludgers rocket around, trying to
knock players off their brooms.
 After burning all the letters, he got
out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and
back doors so no one could go out.
 As they climbed carefully around her, Mrs.
 But the news
that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn't know
which was worse -- people telling him he'd be brilliant or people
telling him they'd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.
 Dursley
didn't realize what he had seen -- then he jerked his head around to
look again.
 Dursley around the middle and walked off.
 Dursley drove around the
corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror.
 Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make
Neville's toad zoom around the classroom.
 Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up stories chased each
other around Harry's brain, each more feeble than the last.
 Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all
around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood
around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with
hundreds of candles.
 Fred and George mess
around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks
they're really funny.
 Harry dropped the cloak from around his
shoulders and ran to the mirror.
 Harry kept looking around.
 Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking
his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air -- it zoomed around
their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to
pin it to the ground.
 He
sat down on the bed and stared around him.
 He
whirled around.
 He clicked it once, and
twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet
Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking
around the corner at the other end of the street.
 He drove them into the
middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got back in
the car, and off they went again.
 He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white
pieces as they had lost black ones.
 He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the
gloom.
 He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak
around himself.
 He swept around in his long black cloak,
watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing
almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like.
 He turned right
around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet
with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!
 He was sure it was the
same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
 He wasn't the only one, though: the way Seamus
Finnigan told it, he'd spent most of his childhood zooming around the
countryside on his broomstick.
 He'd had it
with sneaking around and spying.
 His
stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching Ron and the others becoming
wizards, while he stumped around the grounds carrying Hagrid's bag.
 How
many people wander around with dragon eggs if it's against wizard law?
 Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that
the spectators were high enough to see what was going on.
 I have to fly around our hoops and stop the other
team from scoring.
 If
he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley
had always been able to kick him around like a football?
 Instead he was smiling
at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly
the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes.
 It
was also very hard to remember where anything was, because it all seemed
to move around a lot.
 It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon's car
and crushed it into a trash can -- but at the moment it didn't look in
the mood.
 It is not our business to run around like
donkeys after stray humans in our forest!
 It lumbered around, blinking
stupidly, to see what had made the noise.
 It said, in a very untidy
scrawl:


Dear Harry,

I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to come and have
a cup of tea with me around three?
 It was colder
here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough
without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.
 It was full of small,
jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room.
 Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around
school at night, especially these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty
points will be taken from Gryffindor.
 Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke
into a run -he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of
them toppled right into a suit of armor.
 Norris are
wandering around.
 Now he was back to staring around for the Snitch.
 Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant
off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster
the plant wound around them.
 Ollivander was
flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes.
 Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a
passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late - -
they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge
stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.
 Ron and Hermione's cheers echoed around the high chamber.
 Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped
themselves tightly around Harry.
 Scurrying around the school on
Halloween like that, for all I knew you'd seen me coming to look at what
was guarding the Stone.
 She had to struggle
because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist
snakelike tendrils around her ankles.
 So did the people around him.
 So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown bat.
 The day before Harry's first Quidditch match the three of them
were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured
them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.
 The lake froze solid and the
Weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that
they followed Quirrell around, bouncing off the back of his turban.
 The mountains
around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel.
 The pain in his head
lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and
saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering
before his eyes.
 The tall, thin,
black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her.
 The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe
hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning
its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.
 Then he looked quickly around to see if anyone was
watching.
 There was an inscription carved
around the top: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi.
 There was no point beating around the bush.
 There were
splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been
thrashing around in pain close by.
 There's blood all over the place, it must've bin staggerin'
around since last night at least.
 They tried retracing Harry's route from the
library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.
 Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the
ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact
that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind.
 Unfortunately, while
everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already
suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not
only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog
didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.
 Wandering
around in the middle of the night, how dare you --"

"You don't understand, Professor.
 You hang around with riffraff like the
Weasleys and that Hagrid, and it'll rub off on you.
 You, who have
never known your family, see them standing around you.
"

"No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right
before the Muggles started swarmin' around.
"

"Of course he has," said Ron, wheeling around.
"

"Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled
Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his
neck.
"

"Well, you can't expect him to hang around all day," said Ron.
"

A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them.
"

And Firenze whisked around; with Harry clutching on as best he could,
they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them.
"

Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around the corner
ahead.
"

Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.
"

Harry took the wand and (feeling foolish) waved it around a bit, but Mr.
"

Harry turned around -- and saw, quite clearly, what.
"

He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking
wand.
"

Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was
glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore.
"

Hermione's lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her
arms around him.
"

It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Harry's
heart.
"

Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with
Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.
"

Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls
are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.
"

The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him
shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.
"

They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking
at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the
rustling of leaves around them.
"

They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the
right direction.
"

Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.
" Hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening.
" Harry asked, looking around for another boat.
" Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it
curled around his chest.
" Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not
looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead,
without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped
through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled
along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was
miles from the trophy room.
" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
" cried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone.
" he looked around the chamber while
the other two squinted up at the flock of keys.
" said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them.
" she cried, flinging her arms around him.
" shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged,
knocking Harry clean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands
around Harry's neck -- Harry's scar was almost blinding him with pain,
yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.

snape 138


"Better you than me," they said together, but Harry had an idea that
Snape wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.


"Blasted thing*," Snape was saying.


"But Snape always seemed to hate me so much.


"But Snape tried to kill me!


"Doi* push it," he muttered, "I've heard Snape can turn very nasty.


"He was provoked, Professor Snape," said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy
face out from behind the tree.


"I knew it," Hermione gasped, "Snape -- look.


"I saw you and Snape in the forest --" he blurted out.


"I'll get him," said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of
these days, I'll get him --"

"I hate them both," said Harry, "Malfoy and Snape.


"I've never seen Snape look so mean," he told Hermione.


"It was Snape," Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw him.


"Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said Snape.


"Snape wants the stone for Voldemort.


"So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Harry
went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me
off.


"Take him up to the hospital wing," Snape spat at Seamus.


"You want to be more careful," said Snape.


All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that Snape had
just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be
walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given
in at last.


And speaking of Snape.


At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor
Snape disliked him.


Harry didn't know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to
keep running into Snape wherever he went.


Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and
was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.


It took perhaps thirty seconds for Snape to realize that he was on fire.


Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Snape.


Perhaps Snape had left the book in there?


Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched
onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.


Snape and Filch were inside, alone.


Snape bent over the troll.


Snape was standing there.


Snape was still ignoring Hermione's quivering hand.


Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and
like Flitwick, he paused at Harry's name.


The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about
Snape.


The trees were so thick he couldn't see where Snape had gone.


There was already someone there -- but it wasn't Snape.


They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid
had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape
was trying to steal?


Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see
something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches -- the next
second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the
Snitch clasped in his hand.


You've got to keep eye contact, and Snape wasn't blinking at all, I saw
him!

Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look Severus Snape
in the face for weeks.

Reaching Snape, she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a
few, well- chosen words.

Snape, however, was not pleased.

They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape
crossed the yard.

What did it matter if Snape stole it, really?
 "After what McGonagall and Snape have said?
 "Hagrid told that stranger
how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that
cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk.
 "I don' know why
Harry's broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn' try an' kill a student!
 "If I don't, all the
Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face Snape.
 "One of us
has got to keep an eye on Snape -- wait outside the staff room and
follow him if he leaves it.
 "Snape came out and asked me what I was
doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape went to get him,
and I've only just got away, I don't know where Snape went.
 "Snape must have left it there.
 "We've just got to make sure we play a
clean game, so Snape hasn't got an excuse to pick on us.
 "Why would Snape do somethin' like that?
 A
moment later, Professor McGonagall had come bursting into the room,
closely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear.
 All the other teachers thought Snape was
trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular.
 And did Hagrid know something about
Snape that he didn't want to tell Harry?
 And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive.
 Anyway, we've never had any proof Snape found out
how to get past Fluffy.
 As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land
nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry felt a hand on his
shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore's smiling face.
 At times, he even wondered
whether Snape was following him, trying to catch him on his own.
 Below, in a shadowy
clearing, stood Snape, but he wasn't alone.
 Come on -- I shall see
Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!
 Could Snape possibly know they'd found out about the
Sorcerer's Stone?
 Filch was handing
Snape bandages.
 Filch wouldn't help
us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with Snape, and the
more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think.
 Filch, Snape, and Mrs.
 Finish the game before Snape can favor
Hufflepuff too much.
 Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if
he could have it.
 Gliding
silently over the castle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run.
 Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not
to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students.
 Harry didn't see how he could -- yet he sometimes had
the horrible feeling that Snape could read minds.
 Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping.
 Harry told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with
it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh
became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Harry woke,
sweating and shaking.
 He asked if he knew how to get past
Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon
there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of
enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts
spell that Snape needs to break through --"

"So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to
Snape?
 He had looked through his books at the Dursleys', but did
Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs
and Fungi?
 He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but
they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had y caught
every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a
class silent without effort.
 He steadied
himself in time to hear Snape say, "-- your little bit of hocus-pocus.
 He'd done it, he'd shown Snape.
 He'd lost two points for Gryffindor
in his very first week -- why did Snape hate him so much?
 His panic
fading now that there was no sound of Filch and Snape, Harry moved
nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection
again.
 I might be able to hold Snape off for a while,
but I'm no match for him, really.
 I wouldn't put anything past Snape.
 I'd have managed it before then if Snape
hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.
 If Snape
had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out
how the other teachers had guarded it.
 If Snape gets hold of
the Stone, Voldemort's coming back!
 It
wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry
remembered about Snape and the coming match.
 It was as if Snape had started
handing out sweets.
 Knows an awful lot about
the Dark Arts, Snape.
 Look, Snape helped
protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it.
 No wonder he's looking so
nervous, that's Professor Snape.
 Oh
yeah, Professor Snape.
 Over the noise,
Snape said, "And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your
cheek, Potter.
 Potions
lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so
horrible to Harry.
 Professor Snape couldn't bear being in your father's debt.
 Scooping the fire off him
into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row --
Snape would never know what had happened.
 Snape didn't dislike Harry -- he hated him.
 Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class.
 Snape interrupted
him.
 Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks
while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion.
 Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a
simple potion to cure boils.
 Snape was holding his robes above
his knees.
 Snape was in the middle of the stands
opposite them.
 Snape was shaking Professor
McGonagall's hand, with a horrible, forced smile.
 Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper,
which surely meant that the Stone was still safe.
 Snape, sneaking into the forest
while everyone else was at dinner -- what was going on?
 The idea
of Voldemort certainly scared them, but he didn't keep visiting them in
dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didn't have much
time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to.
 There was
simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was
watching.
 They couldn't afford
to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
 They turned to go outside, but Snape called them back.
 They were sure she'd be
able to tell them, but they couldn't risk Snape hearing what they were
up to.
 They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were
ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.
 Unfortunately, while
everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already
suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not
only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog
didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.
 Wherever he was, Filch must
know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and
to his horror, it was Snape who replied, "The Restricted Section?
 Why should he be afraid of
Snape?
 Your friend Miss Granger accidentally
knocked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditch
match.
 and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get
rich.
"

"B-b-but Severus, I --"

"You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said Snape, taking a step
toward him.
"

"B-but I d-d-don't --"

"Very well," Snape cut in.
"

"Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid," said
Snape silkily.
"

"But --"

"Do you want to stop Snape or not?
"

"But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing -- I thought Snape was
threatening you.
"

"But I thought -- Snape --"

"Severus?
"

"He's just made that rule up," Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped
away.
"

"Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said Snape, his voice icy.
"

"Quirrell said Snape --"

"Professor Snape, Harry.
"

"Snape was trying to save me?
"

"Snape?
"

Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor.
"

Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and Snape came around the corner
ahead.
"

Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didn't look at him again.
"

Ron didn't answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because
George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him.
"

Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.
"

Snape gave Harry a swift, piercing look.
"

Snape spat bitterly on the ground.
"

Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for
not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditch.
" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
" said
Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another
penalty for no reason at all.
" said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it,
muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had
used on Snape at the plant.
" said Snape suddenly.
" snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one
wave of his wand.
'"

"Oh, shut up," said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for
Snape.

going 132


"And she's really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alicia Spinnet,
a good find of Oliver Wood's, last year only a reserve -- back to
Johnson and -- no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffle, Slytherin
Captain Marcus Flint gains the Quaffle and off he goes -- Flint flying
like an eagle up there -- he's going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent
move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle --
that's Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, nice dive around Flint,
off up the field and -- OUCH -- that must have hurt, hit in the back of
the head by a Bludger -- Quaffle taken by the Slytherins -- that's
Adrian Pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but he's blocked by a
second Bludger -- sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, can't tell
which -- nice play by the Gryffindor Beater, anyway, and Johnson back in
possession of the Quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes -- she's
really flying -- dodges a speeding Bludger -- the goal posts are ahead
-- come on, now, Angelina -- Keeper Bletchley dives -- misses --
GRYFFINDORS SCORE!


"Hagrid," said Harry loudly, "give it two weeks and Norbert's going to
be as long as your house.


"Haven't I told you he's not going?


"He's not going," he said.


"Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon
hatching?


"I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on," said Professor
McGonagall.


"I think," said Ron, "we're going to have to be chessmen.


"I'm going out of here tonight and I'm going to try and get to the Stone
first.


"I'm going to play," he told Ron and Hermione.


"I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," Wood said.


"I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Harry was pleased to hear
the note of panic in his voice.


"Listen, we're going down the middle of the train -- Lee Jordan's got a
giant tarantula down there.


"Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Harry.


"Now what am I going to do?


"Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to -- Dumbledore was so worried
--"

"The whole school's talking about it," said Ron.


"Oh, you're going to fight us, are you?


"Professor, I think -- I know -- that Sn- that someone's going to try
and steal the Stone.


"To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas
and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long
day.


"We were --" Harry began, without any idea what he was going to say.


"What has been going on?


"What's going on?


"Where're you going?


"Wonder how long Potter's going to stay on his broom this time?


"You can come tonight, I'm going back, I want to show you the mirror.


"You're going out again," he said.


At last, Norbert was going.


But today, nothing was going to go wrong.


Harry didn't have a clue what was going on.


He was going to wait for the postman on the corner of Privet Drive and
get the letters for number four first.


Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand --
not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself cry the first spell
that came into his head: "Wingardium Leviosa!


Hermione wasn't going to give up that easily.


Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its club, with Harry
clinging on for dear life; any second, the troll was going to rip him
off or catch him a terrible blow with the club.


It was true that Harry wasn't going back to Privet Drive for Christmas.


They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid
had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what Snape
was trying to steal?


They were going even deeper now and gathering speed.

"You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no -- even the Muggles
have noticed something's going on.

The white mice had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were
going to end up as Mrs.

What was going on?

and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'm going to kill you
tonight.

he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to
happen.
 "And I don't suppose you're going to
tell me why you're here, of all places?
 "Anyway, I know Malfoy's always going on about how good he
is at Quidditch, but I bet that's all talk.
 "Flamel's just going to die?
 "He's going to Stonewall
High and he'll be grateful for it.
 "I dreamed a giant called
Hagrid came to tell me I was going to a school for wizards.
 "I was
trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
catch you, he said you had a drag --"

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
McGonagall had seen.
 "I'll
kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll.
 "I'm not going to be able to hold a quill for a
week.
 "If you're going to be
cursed forever, deaths better, isn't it?
 "Oh no oh no -- I've
just remembered -- Charlie's letter was in that book Malfoy took, he's
going to know we're getting rid of Norbert.
 "Ron, you come at it from above -- Hermione,
stay below and stop it from going down and I'll try and catch it.
 "Snape's going through the trapdoor tonight.
 "Then
I'm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms.
 "We haven't won since Charlie left, but this year's team is
going to be brilliant.
 "We've got to go, we 3 re going to be
late.
 "Were you going to shoot me?
 All Neville cared about was never
going near the dog again.
 Although Hagrid seemed to know
where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an
ordinary way.
 Even Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they
were going.
 For a split second, he thought he was going to fall.
 Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if
he could have it.
 Going
to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?
 Harry
wondered what their punishment was going to be.
 Harry, on the
other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the local public school.
 He couldn't
see how they were going to get out of trouble this time.
 He couldn't see how he and Petunia could get
mixed up in anything that might be going on -- he yawned and turned over
-- it couldn't affect them.
 He didn't feel much like going into
the matter with this boy.
 He didn't have a clue what was going on, but he
didn't seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming
back to his legs.
 He didn't know what he was going to but it had to be better
than what he was leaving behind.
 He had been
so busy getting away from the library, he hadn't paid attention to where
he was going.
 He hoped the
roof wasn't going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did.
 He nearly had his leg ripped off once, he's not
going to try it again in a hurry.
 He sat
down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look
on his first day at Stonewall High -- like he was wearing bits of old
elephant skin, probably.
 He understood what he had to do all right, it was
doing it that was going to be the problem.
 He was going to be expelled, he just knew it.
 He was going to smash
right into that barrier and then he'd be in trouble -- leaning forward
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run -- the barrier was coming nearer
and nearer -- he wouldn't be able to stop -- the cart was out of control
-- he was a foot away -- he closed his eyes ready for the crash --

It didn't come.
 He was never going to meet you -- Filch knew someone was going to
be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off.
 He's not going to be fair if we
might overtake Slytherin.
 How are we going to get
any points back if we can't win at Quidditch?
 Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that
the spectators were high enough to see what was going on.
 I hope you're going to help us win the house
championship this year?
 I reckon he had a pretty
good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just
taught us enough to help.
 I'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing
you two say is going to stop me!
 I'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer.
 I'm just going to teach you the rules
this evening, then you'll be joining team practice three times a week.
 If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to
go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's
only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over
to the Dark Side!
 It was plain that
whatever "everyone" was saying, she was not going to believe it until
Dumbledore told her it was true.
 Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.
 Piers Polkiss was going there too.
 She sometimes flew in to
nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the
owlery with the other school owls.
 Snape, sneaking into the forest
while everyone else was at dinner -- what was going on?
 That's where he was going when
we saw him -- he's after whatever it's guarding!
 The people in the portraits kept going to visit
each other, and Harry was sure the coats of armor could walk.
 The seats might be
raised high in the air, but it was still difficult to see what was going
on sometimes.
 They had almost reached
the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, "I
can't believe you're going to do this, Harry.
 They were all very
impressed and couldn't wait to get started, but soon realized they
weren't going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time.
 We're going away.
 We're going to win.
 We're going up
to London tomorrow anyway, or I wouldn't bother.
 Weasley were going to Romania to visit
Charlie.
 Well, Voldemort's going to try other ways of coming back,
isn't he?
 Well, think again, boy -- it's into the forest you're going and I'm
much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece.
 What on
earth was he going to do?
 What was going on?
 When September came he would be going off
to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be
with Dudley.
 dreading going
to school with that ridiculous haircut, he'd managed to make it grow
back.
 going.
 thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a cane she was going to use on
him?
 well, if I'd known what that wand was going out into
the world to do.
"

"All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face.
"

"But what are you going to do with it when it's hatched?
"

"D'you think I'm going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me?
"

"I tell you, we're going to win that Quidditch cup for sure this year,"
said Fred.
"

"I'm going to be a knight," said Ron.
"

"I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron, who'd had enough of
working.
"

"I'm not going to do anything," said Harry, "honestly.
"

"We've got lessons, we'll get into trouble, and that's nothing to what
Hagrid's going to be in when someone finds out what he's doing --"

"Shut up!
"

"Why are you going to London?
"

But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get back in
front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.
"

But Uncle Vernon wasn't going to give in without a fight.
"

Ducking down, they joined the Hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped
down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls'
bathroom.
"

Harry followed Fred and George out of the locker room and, hoping his
knees weren't going to give way, walked onto the field to loud cheers.
"

Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasn't going to tell her
that.
"

Harry thought this was going a bit far.
"

Harry was going to ask Ron if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he
fell asleep almost at once.
"

Harry's heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it
wouldn't be so bad.
"

It wasn't going to be that simple.
"

She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping
he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on.
"

Sir Nicholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little chat wasn't
going at all the way he wanted.
"

Something very painful was going on in Harry's mind.
"
There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or
Mrs.
" Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not
looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead,
without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped
through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled
along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was
miles from the trophy room.

he'd 130


"I've heard of those," he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of
Every Flavor Beans he'd gotten from Hermione.


"You could just leave me here," Harry put in hopefully (he'd be able to
watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go
on Dudley's computer).


A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so
suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd just popped out of the
ground.


All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that Snape had
just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard, Snape would be
walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given
in at last.


As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their pockets
weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to refuse, Harry
thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had given him as much
to think about as tea with Hagrid.


As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw --
and it didn't improve his mood -- was the tabby cat he'd spotted that
morning.


Harry groped for the doorknob -- between Filch and death, he'd take
Filch.


Harry had the best morning he'd had in a long time.


He'd forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of
them next to the baker's.


He'd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as
long as he could remember, ever since he'd been a baby and his parents
had died in that car crash.


On the last day of August he thought he'd better speak to his aunt and
uncle about getting to King's Cross station the next day, so he went
down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on
television.


On the other hand, he'd gotten into terrible trouble for being found on
the roof of the school kitchens.


One minute to go and he'd be eleven.


Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him,
fell asleep almost as soon as he'd drawn the curtains of his
four-poster.


The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he'd never been
allowed to eat as much as he liked.


Then a pain like he'd never felt before pierced his head; it was as
though his scar were on fire.


They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary
book, even though Harry was still sure he'd read the name somewhere.

Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it
wrong for years.

Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what he'd promised
himself about not meddling.

Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the
Body-Bind Curse put on him.

nine -- maybe he'd wake Dudley up, just to annoy him -- three.
 "Hagrid told that stranger
how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that
cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk.
 "Hagrid, he'd have
found out somehow, this is Voldemort we're talking about, he'd have
found out even if you hadn't told him.
 "If I didn' know better, I'd say he'd lost control of
his broom.
 "Oh, you wait, it's the best game in the
world --" And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the
positions of the seven players, describing famous games he'd been to
with his brothers and the broomstick he'd like to get if he had the
money.
 "Snape's a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do
nothin' of the sort.
 "They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, 0 '
course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the
job.
 After all, he'd never had any money in his life until a
month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear Dudley's old
clothes and never getting proper birthday presents.
 And this time he'd make sure
they didn't fail.
 But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon
through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash
cans outside the kitchen doors.
 But the news
that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn't know
which was worse -- people telling him he'd be brilliant or people
telling him they'd be running around underneath him holding a mattress.
 By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew he'd
been wrong.
 Dursley wondered
whether he dared tell her he'd heard the name "Potter.
 Even Ron would tell anyone who'd listen
about the time he'd almost hit a hang glider on Charlie's old broom.
 For a moment, he
was sure he'd walked into a nightmare -- this was too much, on top of
everything that had happened so far.
 Harry
wished he could forget what he'd seen in the mirror as easily, but he
couldn't.
 Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened
when he'd left the grounds with Professor McGonagall.
 Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
had so many questions in his life.
 Harry recognized him at once from the card he'd
gotten out of the Chocolate Frog on the train.
 Harry told them what he'd heard.
 Harry was
thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing he'd opened the
letter in the hall.
 He didn't
know how he'd have gotten through all his homework without her, what
with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do.
 He didn't blame her -- if he'd had a sister like that.
 He didn't feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be
the best Christmas he'd ever had.
 He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole
life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.
 He got up and pulled on his jeans because
he didn't want to walk into the station in his wizard's robes -- he'd
change on the train.
 He had a funny
feeling he'd had the same dream before.
 He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the
library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back.
 He looked as if he'd been knocked out.
 He mounted the broom
and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed
through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him -and in a rush of
fierce joy he realized he'd found something he could do without being
taught -- this was easy, this was wonderful.
 He said
he'd been looking for someone to practice that on.
 He seemed to think he'd said too much, because he
went back to staring out of the window.
 He was also carrying a long,
thin package and didn't answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what he'd
bought.
 He was going to smash
right into that barrier and then he'd be in trouble -- leaning forward
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run -- the barrier was coming nearer
and nearer -- he wouldn't be able to stop -- the cart was out of control
-- he was a foot away -- he closed his eyes ready for the crash --

It didn't come.
 He was hungry, he'd
missed five television programs he'd wanted to see, and he'd never gone
so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.
 He was in a
very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he'd stretch his legs
and walk across the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery.
 He was looking at Harry with
a lot more interest than he'd shown back in Diagon Alley.
 He wasn't the only one, though: the way Seamus
Finnigan told it, he'd spent most of his childhood zooming around the
countryside on his broomstick.
 He'd
spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and
Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned
into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard?
 He'd be able to
read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who Flamel was.
 He'd be packing his bags in ten minutes.
 He'd die.
 He'd done it -- the game was over; it had barely lasted five
minutes.
 He'd done it, he'd shown Snape.
 He'd had it
with sneaking around and spying.
 He'd have to ask someone.
 He'd have to say something to her.
 He'd just gotten very angry with the
Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off
their brooms.
 He'd just had the best birthday of
his life -- and yet -- he chewed his hamburger, trying to find the
words.
 He'd lost two points for Gryffindor
in his very first week -- why did Snape hate him so much?
 He'd never been more
nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to
the Dursleys saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue.
 He'd never even
seen the boy.
 He'd never felt
anything like that.
 He'd never had such a bad day in his life.
 He'd really done something to be proud of now -- no one could
say he was just a famous name any more.
 He'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been
sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the
greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back.
 He'd seen Quirrell there that
very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron.
 His classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said
was to ward off a vampire he'd met in Romania and was afraid would be
coming back to get him one of these days.
 His heart hammered as he crept
across the dark hall toward the front door --

Harry leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on
the doormat -- something alive!
 I thought we'd
be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, he'd

tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Hagrid growled.
 If
he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley
had always been able to kick him around like a football?
 If he'd known who yeh were -- he's grown
up knowin' yer name if his parents are wizardin' folk.
 If she was really there, he'd touch her, their
reflections were so close together, but he felt only air -- she and the
others existed only in the mirror.
 In an hour's time he'd be walking onto the field.
 In fact, he wasn't really crying -- it had
been years since he'd really cried -- but he knew that if he screwed up
his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted.
 In the
weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it
didn't look as though he'd cracked yet.
 Instead he said, as casually as he could, "Their son --
he'd be about Dudley's age now, wouldn't he?
 It
kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying
under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where he'd be
learning to play that night.
 It
wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry
remembered about Snape and the coming match.
 It filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and Harry felt
the warmth wash over him as though he'd sunk into a hot bath.
 It was a very dark, cloudy night, and they were a bit late
arriving at Hagrid's hut because they'd had to wait for Peeves to get
out of their way in the entrance hall, where he'd been playing tennis
against the wall.
 Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of
letters when they got back that he'd be able to steal one somehow.
 Neville
appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked
as though he'd been making another bid for freedom.
 Neville, indeed, looked
as if he'd never speak again.
 No one ever lived after
he decided ter kill 'em, no one except you, an' he'd killed some o' the
best witches an' wizards of the age -- the McKinnons, the Bones, the
Prewetts -- an' you was only a baby, an' you lived.
 Now he'd done it.
 Perhaps it was Harry's
imagination, after all he'd heard about Slytherin, but he thought they
looked like an unpleasant lot.
 Ron had a piece of
steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but he'd forgotten all about
it.
 Somehow -- incredibly -- he'd gotten the Stone.
 The ghost patted his arm, giving Harry the sudden,
horrible feeling he'd just plunged it into a bucket of ice-cold water.
 The lighted dial of
Dudley's watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat
wrist, told Harry he'd be eleven in ten minutes' time.
 The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working
tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the
corner was Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot
through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school
for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent
because Dudley had sat on it.
 The troll couldn't feel Harry hanging there,
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
nose, and Harry's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
 Then he'd realized that nobody found this funny,
because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay
on his bucking broomstick.
 Thought
he'd make you look good if he got it wrong, did you?
 Today he'd rather be back in his cupboard with
that letter than up here without it.
 Uncle Vernon had been
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
sure that Harry didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do.
 Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the
teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew he'd never
get one.
 What if he just
sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
 Yesterday he'd have given
anything to be up here.
 dreading going
to school with that ridiculous haircut, he'd managed to make it grow
back.
"

"D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts," muttered Professor Quirrell, as
though he'd rather not think about it.
"

"I almost told your brother," Hermione snapped, "Percy -- he's a
prefect, he'd put a stop to this.
"

Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - Ron leapt
forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a
horrible yell.
"

Harry nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was
something he'd forgotten to do, something important.
"

Harry was going to ask Ron if he'd had any of the treacle tart, but he
fell asleep almost at once.
"

Harry was wondering what a wizard did once he'd finished school.
"

Harry, who hadn't had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Ron's ears
went pink again and he muttered that he'd brought sandwiches.
"

He made sure Peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door behind them,
then he told them what he'd seen and heard.
"

His heart sank faster than he'd just dived.
"

In a low whisper, Harry told them what he'd seen.
"

Neville was trying to remember what he'd forgotten when Draco Malfoy,
who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his
hand.
"

Perhaps it was because he was now so busy, what with Quidditch practice
three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Harry could hardly
believe it when he realized that he'd already been at Hogwarts two
months.
"

That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd
never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
"

Wishing he'd been a bit quicker at thinking up some story, Harry left
the library.
" Harry gasped -- they would lose the lead, the lead he'd won in
the last Quidditch match.
" Harry sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff
he'd seen earlier.
" It was one of the red-haired twins he'd followed through
the barrier.
" Then he ran, before
Dudley could work out what he'd said.
" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he'd
planned this.

something 122


"Can you hear something?


"Can you smell something?


"Charlie's in Romania studying dragons, and Bill's in Africa doing
something for Gringotts," said Ron.


"Did something happen to it when Flint blocked him?


"Do something," he said desperately.


"He's doing something -- jinxing the broom," said Hermione.


"I found out something about him," he told Hagrid.


"I've just thought of something," said Harry.


"No post on Sundays," he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade
on his newspapers, "no damn letters today --"

Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught
him sharply on the back of the head.


"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something
strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured
-- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no
denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion --
asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types --
just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"

But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink
umbrella from inside his coat.


"Ron, you've got something on your nose.


"That's Hagrid," said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn't.


"Well, that's something," Harry muttered to the others.


But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he climbed
back into bed.


But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something
else.


Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like
tapping the third brick on the left to get into Diagon Alley.


Harry hadn't had a single letter since Hagrid's note, something that
Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course.


Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: He
took a great running jump and managed to fasten his arms around the
troll's neck from behind.


Harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw him clap his
hand to his mouth as though he was about to be sick -- he hit the field
on all fours -- coughed -- and something gold fell into his hand.


It was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of
something peculiar -- a cat reading a map.


Lights clicked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the
big, squashy something had been his uncle's face.


Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry
had always been small and skinny for his age.


Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marched
onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.


So now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to
Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut.


Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the next week
made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous.


Something bright white was gleaming on the ground.


Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it
lay in gleaming folds.


Something gold was glinting just above him.


Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault,
Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous
jewels at the very least -- but at first he thought it was empty.


Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air --
several people behind him screamed.


Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded
like "Mimblewimble.


Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstick just in time to see
something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches -- the next
second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the
Snitch clasped in his hand.

Gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to
hide -- except perhaps Hogwarts.

It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for
something.

Suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved.
 "Can we help you with something?
 "Dad, Harry's got something!
 "Gran knows I forget things -- this
tells you if there's something you've forgotten to do.
 "Hanging around

like this, people will think you're up to something.
 "I know he's not very nice, but he
wouldn't try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe.
 "Trust Dumbledore to come up with
something like this.
 "You should have said something, we had no idea.
 'Course,
everyone gets scared when something like this happens in case
You-Know-Who's behind it.
 And did Hagrid know something about
Snape that he didn't want to tell Harry?
 And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive.
 As Hagrid's story
came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more
clearly than he had ever remembered it before -- and he remembered
something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel
laugh.
 Can I ask you something?
 Chess was the only
thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very
good for her.
 Dursley that this was probably some
silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for something.
 Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make
Neville's toad zoom around the classroom.
 Famous for something he won't even
remember!
 Hagrid, I've got to ask you something.
 Harry heard something creak outside.
 Have some bacon or something, why aren't you
eating anything?
 He
heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped clean over
Harry, charging at the figure.
 He asked if he knew how to get past
Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon
there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of
enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts
spell that Snape needs to break through --"

"So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to
Snape?
 He had just
thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon
inside him had got a puncture.
 He hadn't expected something like this the moment they arrived.
 He looked back at the
whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better
of it.
 He mounted the broom
and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed
through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him -and in a rush of
fierce joy he realized he'd found something he could do without being
taught -- this was easy, this was wonderful.
 He shouted something about Quidditch fouls when Harry roughly
shook him awake.
 He wanted to
say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something wrong
with his voice.
 He was
busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something.
 He'd have to say something to her.
 He'd really done something to be proud of now -- no one could
say he was just a famous name any more.
 His heart hammered as he crept
across the dark hall toward the front door --

Harry leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on
the doormat -- something alive!
 I bet," he added, voicing for the first time something that
had been worrying him a lot lately, "I bet I'm the worst in the class.
 I heard something.
 I thought we'd
be copying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, he'd

tell yer that's how it is at Hogwarts," Hagrid growled.
 I'd better go and took through my books, there
might be something useful.
 It must be something
really horrible, or Filch wouldn't be sounding so delighted.
 It was agony to touch a person
marked by something so good.
 It was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the
end.
 It was one of my more brilliant
ideas, and between you and me, that's saying something.
 It winked and put the Stone back in its
pocket -- and as it did so, Harry felt something heavy drop into his
real pocket.
 It's obviously
guarding something.
 Quirrell was mumbling something.
 Ron pointed -- at the end of a passage to the left,
something huge was moving toward them.
 Something
was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from it.
 Something held him back
-- his father's cloak -- he felt that this time -- the first time -- he
wanted to use it alone.
 Something was
slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing
along the ground.
 The Sorting is a very
important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be
something like your family within Hogwarts.
 The dark shapes of desks and chairs
were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper
basket -- but propped against the wall facing him was something that
didn't look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone
had just put it there to keep it out of the way.
 The dog was guarding something.
 They
were bound to notice something.
 They hadn't gone more than a dozen
paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a
classroom in front of them.
 This
was something you couldn't learn by heart out of a book -- not that she
hadn't tried.
 This reminded Harry of something.
 Unfortunately, something about
their guilty faces caught Snape's eye.
 Well, that's something.
 What if you knock something over?
 With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on
something soft.
 Yet something had been
nagging at the back of his mind all day.
 You have
slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have
but a half-life, a cursed life, from the moment the blood touches your
lips.
 it was something to do with.
"

"And there's something else.
"

"Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?
"

"Hang on, I think I remember him saying something about it," said the
other twin.
"

"Honestly, Hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,"
snapped Ron.
"

"It is," Firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive long
enough to drink something else -- something that will bring you back to
full strength and power -- something that will mean you can never die.
"

"Longbottom, if brains were gold you'd be poorer than Weasley, and
that's saying something.
"

"Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic,
Potter.
"

"Thanks," said Harry, "I'll need something to look forward to.
"

"There's light ahead -- I can see something moving.
"

"You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as
this?
"

"You've already seen him, Ginny, and the poor boy isn't something you
goggle at in a zoo.
"

But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.
"

Flushed with their victory, they started to run back up the passage, but
as they reached the corner they heard something that made their hearts
stop -- a high, petrified scream -- and it was coming from the chamber
they'd just chained up.
"

Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his back.
"

Harry nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was
something he'd forgotten to do, something important.
"

On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
thing -- ").
"

She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping
he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on.
"

Something very painful was going on in Harry's mind.
"

That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd
never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
"

The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn't
there -- or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't
understand them, like a slug.
"

The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him
shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg.
"
And the school bellowed:

"Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts,

Teach us something please,

Whether we be old and bald

Or young with scabby knees,

Our heads could do with filling

With some interesting stuff,

For now they're bare and full of air,

Dead flies and bits of fluff,

So teach us things worth knowing,

Bring back what we've forgot,

just do your best, we'll do the rest,

And learn until our brains all rot.
" "Mmm," said Harry, wishing
he could say something a bit more interesting.
" His face fell, because the
Remembrall had suddenly glowed scarlet,

"You've forgotten something.
" said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it,
muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had
used on Snape at the plant.
" said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the
grass.
" said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she'd looked
something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages,
muttering to herself.

never 122



CHAPTER NINE

THE MIDNIGHT DUEL

Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR

In years to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to
get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting
through the door at any moment.


"Don't tell me you'd never heard of Dumbledore!


"I never expected this," he said, in a low, worried voice.


"I never thought to look in here!


"I would never have believed it of any of you.


"I'll never remember this," Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down
his quill and looking longingly out of the library window.


"I've never asked," said Nearly Headless Nick delicately.


"I've never seen Snape look so mean," he told Hermione.


"If either of you get us caught, I'll never rest until I've learned that
Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you.


"My dear Professor, I 've never seen a cat sit so stiffly.


"Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --"

Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses
flashed furiously, "-- how dare you -- might have broken your neck --"

"It wasn't his fault, Professor --"

"Be quiet, Miss Patil

"But Malfoy --"

"That's enough, Mr.


"Never at Hogwarts.


"Never mind that -- pig snout, pig snout," panted Harry, and the
portrait swung forward.


"Never," said Hagrid irritably, "try an' get a straight answer out of a
centaur.


"One can never have enough socks," said Dumbledore.


"You never told him?


Harry had never been to London before.


Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.


Harry had never in all his life had such a Christmas dinner.


He had never had any money for candy with the Dursleys, and now that he
had pockets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many
Mars Bars as he could carry -- but the woman didn't have Mars Bars.


I never know," Harry called to Hagrid over the noise of the cart,
"what's the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?


Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his
grandmother had never let him near one.


So if you seek beneath our floors

A treasure that was never yours,

Thief, you have been warned, beware

Of finding more than treasure there.


The Dursleys had never exactly starved Harry, but he'd never been
allowed to eat as much as he liked.


Then a pain like he'd never felt before pierced his head; it was as
though his scar were on fire.


When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown
relation coming to take him away, but it had never happened; the
Dursleys were his only family.

"Mommy will never forget you!

Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy.

I've never seen anything like it.
 "But first years never -- you must be the youngest
house player in about a century, said Harry, shoveling pie into his
mouth.
 "I think Mom's got a second cousin
who's an accountant, but we never talk about him.
 "I'd have thought you, of all people --"

"I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name," said Harry, I
just never knew you shouldn't.
 "I've never even touched
one.
 "Look," Harry heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus
Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops
selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen
before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes,
tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
bottles, globes of the moon.
 "My scar keeps
hurting -- it's happened before, but never as often as this.
 "Never mind," said Harry
quickly.
 "Never thought you'd like fat little crybabies,
Parvati.
 "Oh, I see -- so you've never been to
Brazil?
 "The poor toilet's never had anything as
horrible as your head down it -- it might be sick.
 "They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, 0 '
course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the
job.
 "Voldemort had powers I will
never have.
 "We may never know.
 After all, he'd never had any money in his life until a
month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear Dudley's old
clothes and never getting proper birthday presents.
 All Neville cared about was never
going near the dog again.
 And of course, you will never get such good results with
another wizard's wand.
 And saying the magic
words properly is very important, too -- never forget Wizard Baruffio,
who said 's' instead of 'f' and found himself on the floor with a
buffalo on his chest.
 And then, your father did something Snape could never forgive.
 Anyway, we've never had any proof Snape found out
how to get past Fluffy.
 But he never
wanted you dead.
 Did yeh never wonder where yet parents
learned it all?
 Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have
been wild to get his hands on some of these.
 Gryffindors have never gone so long without
winning.
 Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled
it over his head, "NEVER," he thundered, "- INSULT- ALBUS- DUMBLEDORE-
IN- FRONT- OF- ME!
 Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore.
 Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
had so many questions in his life.
 Harry had never seen
anything so beautiful and sad.
 Harry had never seen her look so angry.
 He complained loudly about
first years never getting on the house Quidditch teams and told long,
boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly escaping
Muggles in helicopters.
 He could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and Filch
would never know.
 He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table:
roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon
and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding,
peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint
humbugs.
 He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before.
 He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the
library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back.
 He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping
he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he
didn't approve of imagination.
 He never had much sense.
 He was hungry, he'd
missed five television programs he'd wanted to see, and he'd never gone
so long without blowing up an alien on his computer.
 He was never going to meet you -- Filch knew someone was going to
be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off.
 He'd never been more
nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to
the Dursleys saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue.
 He'd never even
seen the boy.
 He'd never felt
anything like that.
 He'd never had such a bad day in his life.
 Held never been inside the stadium
before.
 His aunt and
uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask
questions.
 I knew yeh weren't
gettin' yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn't even know abou'
Hogwarts, fer cryin' out loud!
 I never knew one ter be hurt before.
 I never saw his face, he kept his hood up.
 I'll never drink again!
 I've never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students.
 I've never heard of such a thing before!
 If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to
go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's
only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over
to the Dark Side!
 Most of them had never
seen an owl even at nighttime.
 Nah, if yeh ask me, that was what's
bin killin' the unicorns -- never heard anythin' like it before.
 Never
mess with goblins, Harry.
 Never heard
of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?
 Never made things happen when you was scared or
angry?
 Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore
left fer him?
 Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead?
 Nevertheless, Harry, while you may only have delayed his
return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to
fight what seems a losing battle next time -- and if he is delayed
again, and again, why, he may never return to power.
 Neville, indeed, looked
as if he'd never speak again.
 Of
course, his birthdays were never exactly fun -- last year, the Dursleys
had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks.
 Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Licorice
Wands, and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his
life.
 Ron knew them so well he never had trouble
getting them to do what he wanted.
 Scooping the fire off him
into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row --
Snape would never know what had happened.
 She would never let them copy ("How will
you learn?
 Some
of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter,
imagine.
 Suppose the myst'ry is why
You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on his side before.
 The Dursleys knew that the
Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him.
 The evening air had never
smelled so sweet.
 The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry
couldn't even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to
get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on purpose.
 These people will never understand him!
 These were the books containing powerful Dark Magic never
taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced
Defense Against the Dark Arts.
 They
were the only things in the room that looked as though they'd never been
touched.
 They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor
did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
 They say he met vampires in the Black Forest, and there
was a nasty bit o' trouble with a hag -- never been the same since.
 They're
just not the same, they've never been brought up to know our ways.
 Unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the
teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and he knew he'd never
get one.
 We've never blown up a toilet.
 Written in narrow,
loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words: Your
father left this in my possession before he died.
 You never get
anything new, either, with five brothers.
 You, who have
never known your family, see them standing around you.
 he would
never, ever forget tonight.
 never.
"

"Go on, have a pasty," said Harry, who had never had anything to share
before or, indeed, anyone to share it with.
"

"It is," Firenze agreed, "unless all you need is to stay alive long
enough to drink something else -- something that will bring you back to
full strength and power -- something that will mean you can never die.
"

"NEVER!
"

"Never mind that now," said Harry breathlessly.
"

"Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks
like?
"

"They've never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have
they?
"

He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted
anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the
giant.
"

How they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never
knew.
"

That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd
never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
' I have never seen any reason
to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name.

right 120


"All right -- all right --" he heard Quirrell sob.


"All right -please.


"All right there, Harry?


"All right, but I warn yeh, he's a coward," said Hagrid.


"All right," Harry mumbled, "I'm getting up.


"All right?


"Are you all right?


"Er -- all right.


"Harry -- move diagonally four squares to the right.


"Harry, relax, Hermione's right, the Stone's safe as long as
Dumbledore's around.


"I mean, after that open and revolting foul

'Jordan, I'm warning you --"

"All right, all right.


"I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor
McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless.


"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up
close to Harry's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny business,
anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until
Christmas.


"Nah, I'm all right, thanks, Ron.


"Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," she said impatiently.


"Oh, all right," he snapped.


"Right then," said Hagrid, "now, listen carefully, 'cause it's dangerous
what we're gonna do tonight, an' I don' want no one takin' risks.


"Right, here's what we've got to do," he whispered urgently.


"Right," said Wood.


"So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and Snape's trying to
force Quirrell to help him get it.


"Stick out your right hand over your broom," called Madam Hooch at the
front, "and say 'Up!


"That's better," said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on
the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor.


"The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard yes, their son, Harry"

Mr.


"Well, I got back all right," said Hermione.


"Would it be all right if you gave me a lift?


"Yes, yes, that's right," said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.


"You all right, Harry?


"You all right, Hermione?


"You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said
Ron, when Harry told him about these drearns.


"You're right Harry," said Hermione in a small voice.


Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,

To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:

First, however slyly the poison tries to hide

You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;

Second, different are those who stand at either end,

But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;

Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,

Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;

Fourth, the second left and the second on the right

Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.


It was the unicorn all right, and it was dead.


The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at
them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping
to fall right through it and reach them.


The Restricted Section was right at the back of the library.


The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at
the Hufflepuff table.


The train slowed right down and finally stopped.

Now, if any of us finds the unicorn, we'll send up green sparks, right?

There was somethin' goin' on that night he hadn't counted on -- I dunno
what it was, no one does -- but somethin' about you stumped him, all
right.
 "All right
then.
 "All right, dear,
well, have a good term -- send me an owl when you get there.
 "All right?
 "Come on, boy -- it's all right,
up you get.
 "Harry Potter, not a wizard -- you wait, you'll be
right famous at Hogwarts.
 "Midnight all right?
 "Right then -- FORWARD!
 "Right then, Mr.
 "Right, follow me, but careful, now.
 "Right, stand back, Harry.
 "Stop right there, sit!
 A little way into it they reached a
fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left
path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
 A woman standing right behind his
reflection was smiling at him and waving.
 Ah, Harry, I don' know if I'm the right
person ter tell yeh -- but someone 3 s gotta -- yeh can't go off ter
Hogwarts not knowin'.
 All
right, Harry, Hermione?
 All right -- Voldemort.
 All right there, Harry?
 All right, Percy, you go
first.
 All right, we'll take you to King's Cross.
 Anyway,
who says the centaurs are right?
 Everyone knows you're
the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of.
 Fred was right.
 Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to
Dumbledore, right?
 Got 'em, too -- some were
afraid, some just wanted a bit o' his power, 'cause he was gettin'
himself power, all right.
 Got summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sat on
it at some point, but it'll taste all right.
 Harry
could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right
-the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall
showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall.
 Harry
tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left,
but it was impossible.
 Harry
watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as
glowing coals.
 Harry felt strangely as though he had
entered a very strict library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that
had just occurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow
boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling.
 Harry had been quite right to
think she wasn't a teacher to cross.
 Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap.
 Harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in
this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped
it right in front of him, knocking his bacon to the floor.
 Harry, are you all right?
 He turned right
around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his face like a gigantic beet
with a mustache: "MOTORCYCLES DON'T FLY!
 He understood what he had to do all right, it was
doing it that was going to be the problem.
 He was going to smash
right into that barrier and then he'd be in trouble -- leaning forward
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run -- the barrier was coming nearer
and nearer -- he wouldn't be able to stop -- the cart was out of control
-- he was a foot away -- he closed his eyes ready for the crash --

It didn't come.
 He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to
see, didn't look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
 He's still out cold but Madam Pomftey says he'll be all
right - talk about showing Slytherin!
 His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the
book had screamed -- for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but
a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.
 Is that all right''

Dudley thought for a moment.
 It's all right, he only got my boot -- jus' playin' -- he's only
a baby, after all.
 It's almost like he thought I had the
right to face Voldemort if I could.
 Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk around
school at night, especially these days, it's very dangerous -- and fifty
points will be taken from Gryffindor.
 Madam
Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him) slipped a long robe over his
head, and began to pin it to the right length.
 Nearly
Headless Nick was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right
direction, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a
trick staircase if you met him when you were late for class.
 Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke
into a run -he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of
them toppled right into a suit of armor.
 Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"

With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the
hall, Harry right behind him.
 Right,
NOW!
 Right,
that should be enough fer a couple o' terms, we'll keep the rest safe
for yeh.
 Right, now, we're
gonna split inter two parties an' follow the trail in diff'rent
directions.
 Right, off we go, and don't think of
running off, now, it'll be worse for you if you do.
 Right, we're changin' groups -- Neville, you stay with me an'
Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an' this idiot.
 Ron and Hermione were a
very good audience; they gasped in all the right places, and when Harry
told them what was under Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.
 The hooded
figure raised its head and looked right at Harry -- unicorn blood was
dribbling down its front.
 Then there were doors that wouldn't open unless you
asked politely, or tickled them in exactly the right place, and doors
that weren't really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending.
 Then they
clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrid's lamp, coming out at
last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle.
 They couldn't see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor
and if they came much nearer they'd knock right into him -- the cloak
didn't stop him from being solid.
 They were carried
along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking them right underneath the
castle, until they reached a kind of underground harbor, where they
clambered out onto rocks and pebbles.
 What came next happened
so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, Piers and Dudley were
leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with
howls of horror.
"

"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving
very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Hermione in a
sniffy voice.
"

"All right, keep your hair on.
"

"All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face.
"

"All right.
"

"He'll be all right," said Harry, trying to convince himself.
"

"No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right
before the Muggles started swarmin' around.
"

"Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor
Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was
trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
"

"Oh, right!
"

"Right," mumbled Ron.
"

"Right," said Ron.
"

"Right.
"

"Yeah, Dumbledore's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.
"

A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the
hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down.
"

Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasn't going to tell her
that.
"

He was quite right, of course.
"

Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line.
"

On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
thing -- ").
"

Professor McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and
then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course.
"

Ron followed right away.
"

They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the
right direction.
" "All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said
when you're on the train home tomorrow, you're so --"

But what they were, they didn't find out.
" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE
CHARMS CORRIDOR"

Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the
corridor where they slammed into a door -- and it was locked.
"), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right
answers anyway.

through 118



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR

In years to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to
get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting
through the door at any moment.


"Fifty points each," said Professor McGonagall, breathing heavily
through her long, pointed nose.


"I know," Harry murmured through the glass, though he wasn't sure the
snake could hear him.


"If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they'd be sucked through
the door and trapped in there," said Griphook.


"See," he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, "if
they can't deliver them they'll just give up.


"Which one will get you back through the purple flames?


A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a
vast marble hall.


A voice echoed through the train: "We will be reaching Hogwarts in five
minutes' time.


An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like
moons through the gloom of the shop.


At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages.


Harry climbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor.


Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment
near the end of the train.


He climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to his
broomstick, trying to see through the leaves.


He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room,
and climbed through the portrait hole.


He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his
fingertips.


He, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway together.


On Halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin
wafting through the corridors.


Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town
to the station.


Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving.


Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the
boys through another.


The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at
them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping
to fall right through it and reach them.


The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind
whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was
damp and empty.


The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made
their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through
the Leaky Cauldron, now empty.


They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every
Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the
movements of the planets.

"Wonder what it's like to have a peaceful life," Ron sighed, as evening
after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were
getting.

As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Hufflepuffs, Harry
suddenly grabbed Ron's arm.

Once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten
minutes during their breaks.
 "Snape's going through the trapdoor tonight.
 "The Chasers throw the
Quaffle to each other and try and get it through one of the hoops to
score a goal.
 "The smallest bottle will get us through the black
fire -- toward the Stone.
 "We
must've been through hundreds of books already and we can't find him
anywhere -- just give us a hint -- I know I've read his name somewhere.
 A wizened
old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting them go through the gate
in twos and threes so they didn't attract attention by all bursting out
of a solid wall at once and alarming the Muggles.
 About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high
stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing
coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.
 About twenty ghosts had just
streamed through the back wall.
 After a minute's
weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he noticed a large
silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been caught and
stuffed roughly into the keyhole.
 As they
couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door,
slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small
window in the downstairs bathroom.
 At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all stupid with
flying tips she'd gotten out of a library book called Quidditch Through
the Ages.
 But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon
through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash
cans outside the kitchen doors.
 Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips.
 Even
Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his
abysmal Potions one.
 Every now and then a
ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue
blood on the fallen leaves.
 Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the
dark and silence.
 Filch found them trying to force their way through a
door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds
corridor on the third floor.
 Harry could see a clearing ahead,
through the tangled branches of an ancient oak.
 He
had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too,
carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which

Fred seized.
 He
was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits
along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice
Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging
tapestries.
 He asked if he knew how to get past
Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon
there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of
enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts
spell that Snape needs to break through --"

"So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to
Snape?
 He didn't
know how he'd have gotten through all his homework without her, what
with all the last-minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do.
 He had looked through his books at the Dursleys', but did
Snape expect him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs
and Fungi?
 He hummed "Tiptoe Through the Tulips"
as he worked, and jumped at small noises.
 He mounted the broom
and kicked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed
through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him -and in a rush of
fierce joy he realized he'd found something he could do without being
taught -- this was easy, this was wonderful.
 He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild
eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch's
outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks
still ringing in his ears.
 He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady
and climbed through the hole.
 He raised
the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air
and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework,
throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls.
 He squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying
not to move it, and to his relief he managed to get inside the room
without their noticing anything.
 He stared through
his binoculars.
 He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour
in his head, which was a happy blur: Gryffindors running to lift him
onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distance, jumping up and
down, Ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed.
 He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages back, to take
his mind off his nerves about tomorrow.
 He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game
when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the
toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.
 He'd screamed, whacked his father with his Smelting stick, been
sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the
greenhouse roof, and he still didn't have his room back.
 Hermione was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come
across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break.
 How he had managed
to climb through the portrait hole was anyone's guess, because his legs
had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the
Leg-Locker Curse.
 I don't expect you
will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with
its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through
human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.
 I woke up last
night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I
remembered we'd done that one.
 I'd better go and took through my books, there
might be something useful.
 I'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing
you two say is going to stop me!
 It was a nice feeling,
sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Harry's pasties,
cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).
 It was always a nasty shock when one of
them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open.
 It was zigzagging through the
air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that
almost unseated him.
 Make way, first years
coming through!
 Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron
spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get
through all their extra work.
 One by one, the ghosts floated away
through the opposite wall.
 Ronan and Bane came bursting through the trees, their flanks
heaving and sweaty.
 Seven bottles: three are poison; two are
wine; one will get us safely through the black fire, and one will get us
back through the purple.
 She
had also tent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a
very interesting read.
 She followed Ron through
the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose.
 Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the
boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway.
 Ten points every time the Quaffle goes through one of the
hoops.
 The
few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to
deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could
fly off again.
 The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working
tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the
corner was Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot
through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school
for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent
because Dudley had sat on it.
 Then
he flew off through the open window.
 Then, to
his relief, a voice came floating in through the train's open door.
 They
reminded Harry of the little plastic sticks Muggle

children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high.
 They all scrambled
through it -- Neville needed a leg up -- and found themselves in the
Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.
 They made
their way through the trees in silence for so long that Harry thought
Firenze didn't want to talk to him anymore.
 They stepped through the archway.
 They were passing through a
particularly dense patch of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly
stopped.
 Twenty-four letters to
Harry found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each
of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt
Petunia through the living room window.
 When he turned
his back on them, Harry saw a curly pig's tail poking through a hole in
his trousers.
 When the bell sounded from the castle at the end of their
lesson, the three of them dropped their trowels at once and hurried
through the grounds to the edge of the forest.
 With
one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through
the door and up the next passageway.
"

"Someone was lookin' through the gap in the curtains -- it's a kid --
he's runnin' back up ter the school.
"

"The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to score,"
Harry recited.
"

A murmur ran through the crowd as Adrian Pucey dropped the Quaffle, too
busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his
left ear.
"

Doris Crockford shook Harry's hand one last time, and Hagrid led them
through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was
nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.
"

Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line
behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out
of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors
into the Great Hall.
"

Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke.
"

He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley
-- there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a
sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with
his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.
"

Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron
said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and
flopped under a tree.
"

Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire.
"

It was Quidditch Through the Ages.
"

The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds,
out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase.
"

The lock clicked and the door swung open -- they piled through it, shut
it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.
"

They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking
at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the
rustling of leaves around them.
"

They walked on through the dense, dark trees.
" Hagrid ran his fingers through his
hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare.
" Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not
looking back to see whether Filch was following -- they swung around the
doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead,
without any idea where they were or where they were going -- they ripped
through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled
along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was
miles from the trophy room.
" He shot Harry a nasty
grin through the gap in his mother's arms.
" It was one of the red-haired twins he'd followed through
the barrier.
" Ron asked, sticking his head through the
branches.
" Ron muttered to Harry through the hangings.
" breathed Ron, squinting through the dark.
" he spluttered through a mouthful of mud.
" his aunt snapped through the door.
" said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
through the door.
" said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until she'd looked
something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages,
muttering to herself.
" yelled Hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff; they
all bent their heads and the little boats carried them through a curtain
of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face.
"), but by asking her to read it through, they got the right
answers anyway.

uncle 118


"Er -- Uncle Vernon?


"Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.


"Have a good term," said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile.


"I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle Vernon last night .


"I'll take them," said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following
her from the dining room.


"I've already got us some rations," said Uncle Vernon, "so all aboard!


"In a manner of speaking," said Uncle Vernon.


"Taking Dudley to the hospital," growled Uncle Vernon.


"That does it," said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling
great tufts out of his mustache at the same time.


"We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested.


About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and
shouted that Harry needed a haircut.


As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said
gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.


At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it
while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a
video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and
a VCR.


But Uncle Vernon didn't believe him.


Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the
smell from Harry's new uniform.


Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching,
terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.


Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it
high out of his reach.


His aunt and uncle stared.


I want --" he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into
pieces before his eyes.


On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking
tired and rather ill, but happy.


On the last day of August he thought he'd better speak to his aunt and
uncle about getting to King's Cross station the next day, so he went
down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on
television.


The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised
its eyes to the ceiling.


There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the
room.


Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.


Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.


Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over
the postcard.


Uncle Vernon roared.


Uncle Vernon stayed at home again.


Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the
outskirts of a big city.


Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.


Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling.


Uncle Vernon's rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four
bananas.


Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded
like "Mimblewimble.


When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice
to Harry, made Dudley go and get it.


While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia.

When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their
faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut.
 "

In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant,
Uncle Vernon's courage failed again; he flattened himself against the
wall and fell silent.
 "Hagrid
and my aunt and uncle -- so who sent these?
 "His aunt and
uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he's older.
 After a
minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the
Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with
Harry's letter clutched in his hand.
 After what seemed like
hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding,
led the way to the broken-down house.
 As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except
snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were
all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had
nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to
squeeze him to death.
 But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon
through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash
cans outside the kitchen doors.
 Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private
school, Smeltings.
 Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon.
 Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and
drive in the opposite direction for a while.
 From Uncle
Vernon and Aunt Petunia.
 Great Uncle Algie came round for
dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles
when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he accidentally let
go.
 Great Uncle Algie was so pleased
he bought me my toad.
 Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
had so many questions in his life.
 Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the
time he got back, the mail had arrived, right into Uncle Vernon's lap.
 Harry thought
this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the
platforms with a nasty grin on his face.
 He handed
Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to
open the yellow envelope.
 He'd
spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and
Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned
into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard?
 His aunt and
uncle never spoke about them, and of course he was forbidden to ask
questions.
 His aunt and uncle hadn't been able
to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle
Vernon had taken Harry aside.
 It could have wrapped its body twice around Uncle Vernon's car
and crushed it into a trash can -- but at the moment it didn't look in
the mood.
 My Great Uncle Algie kept
trying to catch me off my guard and force some magic out of me -- he
pushed me off the end of Blackpool pier once, I nearly drowned -- but
nothing happened until I was eight.
 My aunt and uncle and cousin are,
though.
 Of
course, his birthdays were never exactly fun -- last year, the Dursleys
had given him a coat hanger and a pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks.
 Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a
sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning you -- one more
word.
 Potter

Room 17

Railview Hotel

Cokeworth

Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out
of the way.
 Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"

With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the
hall, Harry right behind him.
 She and Uncle
Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest,
most ragged blanket.
 Tell them we don't
want --"

Harry could see Uncle Vernon's shiny black shoes pacing up and down the
kitchen.
 The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was
still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.
 They ate in the zoo
restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker
glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him
another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.
 Three things
lay on the doormat: a postcard from Uncle Vernon's sister Marge, who was
vacationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a
bill, and -- a letter for Harry.
 True, Dudley was now so
scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia
and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do
anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.
 Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each
other darkly.
 Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to
have got back his courage.
 Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that day.
 Uncle Vernon dumped Harry's
trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him.
 Uncle Vernon had been
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
sure that Harry didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do.
 Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside
the car, and disappeared.
 Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the
ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact
that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind.
 Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as
usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere,
on the table.
 Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly
with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
 Uncle Vernon said
sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley.
 Uncle Vernon tapped on the
glass, but the snake didn't budge.
 Uncle Vernon was pointing at what
looked like a large rock way out at sea.
 While Uncle Vernon made furious
telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone
to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.
 every odd
thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with him had
happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry.
 it was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle Vernon shortly.
"

"Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune," said the giant; he reached over
the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Uncle Vernon's hands, bent
it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it
into a corner of the room.
"

"Barking," said Uncle Vernon, "howling mad, the lot of them.
"

"Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle Vernon.
"

"Get out, both of you," croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back
inside its envelope.
"

"Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Hermione, looking
uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so
unpleasant.
"

"I've come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle.
"

"Load of old tosh," said Uncle Vernon.
"

"Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not
like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the
piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
"

"Watching -- spying -- might be following us," muttered Uncle Vernon
wildly.
"

"We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish," said
Uncle Vernon, "swore we'd stamp it out of him!
"

But Uncle Vernon wasn't going to give in without a fight.
"

Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the
same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of
his hand by Uncle Vernon.
"

He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.
"

It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking
furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station
full of ordinary people.
"

That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd
never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
"

The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt
Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one
where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things
that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom.
"

Uncle Vernon chuckled.
"

Uncle Vernon grunted again.
"

Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.
"

Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.
"

Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front.
"

Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.
"

Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before
starting on Harry.
"
yelled Uncle Vernon.
" Aunt Petunia suggested
timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn't seem to hear her.
" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the
scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the
kitchen door behind them.
" said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still
ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.
" said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
through the door.
" said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his
hands together.
" shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen.
" snapped his uncle.
" sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open
with one hand and glancing at it.
" yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.
" yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the
ceiling.

i'm 112


"All right," Harry mumbled, "I'm getting up.


"But --"

"I'm not having one in the house, Petunia!


"Everyone thinks I'm special," he said at last.


"I do -- Father says it's a crime if I'm not picked to play for my
house, and I must say, I agree.


"I mean, after that open and revolting foul

'Jordan, I'm warning you --"

"All right, all right.


"I'm Ron Weasley," Ron muttered.


"I'm coming with you," she said.


"I'm disgusted," said Professor McGonagall.


"I'm fine," said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying.


"I'm freezing," said Ron.


"I'm glad we didn't have to fight that one," Harry whispered as they
stepped carefully over one of its massive legs.


"I'm going out of here tonight and I'm going to try and get to the Stone
first.


"I'm going to play," he told Ron and Hermione.


"I'm going to show you what the Bludgers do," Wood said.


"I'm half-and-half," said Seamus.


"I'm not Fred, I'm George," said the boy.


"I'm not going in that forest, he said, and Harry was pleased to hear
the note of panic in his voice.


"I'm not hungry.


"I'm not ill," said Harry.


"I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said Professor
McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless.


"I'm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it," he said softly.


"I'm sorry, Harry!


"I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word

"Ron!


"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up
close to Harry's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny business,
anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until
Christmas.


"I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.


"Nah, I'm all right, thanks, Ron.


"Neville," she said, "I'm really, really sorry about this.


"Not where I'm going, I promise you," said Harry.


"Now, there's another player on each side who's called the Keeper -I'm
Keeper for Gryffindor.


"To one as young as you, I'm sure it seems incredible, but to Nicolas
and Perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long
day.


"Whatever house I'm in, I hope she's not in it," said Ron.


"You can come tonight, I'm going back, I want to show you the mirror.


"You will keep looking while I'm away, won't you?


You can keep your bowlers black,

Your top hats sleek and tall,

For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat

And I can cap them all.


You're in safe hands (though I have none)

For I'm a Thinking Cap!

I'm waiting.

I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far
the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw
wouldn't be too bad.

and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'm going to kill you
tonight.
 "An' don' ask me questions
just now, I think I'm gonna be sick.
 "I warn you -- I'm armed!
 "I'd have thought you, of all people --"

"I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name," said Harry, I
just never knew you shouldn't.
 "I'm
ready!
 "I'm
sure it is -- try it on.
 "I'm -- er -- not supposed ter do magic, strictly speakin'.
 "I'm Ron, remember?
 "I'm dyeing some of Dudley's old
things gray for you.
 "I'm his second, who's
yours?
 "I'm not going to be able to hold a quill for a
week.
 "I'm sure Firenze thought he was
acting for the best, " he said in his gloomy voice.
 "I'm the sixth
in our family to go to Hogwarts.
 "I'm up front, the prefects have got
two compartments to themselves --"

"Oh, are you a prefect, Percy?
 "I'm very disappointed in you.
 "I'm with Harry.
 "I've met him and I'm calling him by his name.
 "If I don't, all the
Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face Snape.
 "Listen - come an' see me later, I'm not
promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin' about it
in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know.
 "Listen, I'm glad we've run inter
yeh, Ronan, 'cause there's a unicorn bin hurt -- you seen anythin'?
 "Oh, Neville, I'm so
sorry.
 "Show yerself -- I'm armed!
 "Shut up, I'm trying to remember how to kill it!
 "Then
I'm going to drag them off to took at racing brooms.
 "You knew I'm a -- a wizard?
 A rip near the brim opened
wide like a mouth -- and the hat began to sing:

"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,

But don't judge on what you see,

I'll eat myself if you can find

A smarter hat than me.
 Ah, Harry, I don' know if I'm the right
person ter tell yeh -- but someone 3 s gotta -- yeh can't go off ter
Hogwarts not knowin'.
 An' like I told yeh, I'm
Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts -- yeh'll know all about Hogwarts, o' course.
 But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what I'm up
to?
 CarA you tell I'm George?
 Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o'
duffers, but --"

"I bet I'm in Hufflepuff" said Harry gloomily.
 Excuse me, I'm a prefect!
 Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said,
"I'm sorry, but I still don't really know who you are.
 Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, which
could happen to anyone, I'm sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by
Spinner, who puts it away, no trouble, and we continue play, Gryffindor
still in possession.
 I bet," he added, voicing for the first time something that
had been worrying him a lot lately, "I bet I'm the worst in the class.
 I don't know what they'll say if I'm not.
 I might be able to hold Snape off for a while,
but I'm no match for him, really.
 I was unfortunate enough in my youth to come
across a vomitflavored one, and since then I'm afraid I've rather lost
my liking for them -- but I think I'll be safe with a nice toffee, don't
you?
 I'm
famous and I can't even remember what I'm famous for.
 I'm boiling.
 I'm going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing
you two say is going to stop me!
 I'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer.
 I'm just going to teach you the rules
this evening, then you'll be joining team practice three times a week.
 I'm missing Agrippa.
 I'm presenting it to my master.
 I'm sorry," Hagrid
added in a whisper to Harry, "but he'll have a harder time frightenin'
you, an' we've gotta get this done.
 If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to
go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's
only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over
to the Dark Side!
 Nobody in my family's magic at all, it was ever such
a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of course, I
mean, it's the very best school of witchcraft there is, I've heard --
I've learned all our course books by heart, of course, I just hope it
will be enough -- I'm Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you.
 Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.
 Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a
sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning you -- one more
word.
 Potter, I'm just so proud.
 Potter, can't believe I'm meeting you at last.
 They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"

"No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though she didn't
think this was the moment for lemon drops.
 Well, think again, boy -- it's into the forest you're going and I'm
much mistaken if you'll all come out in one piece.
"

"Ah, now, I'm glad you asked me that.
"

"Always wanted to shake your hand -- I'm all of a flutter.
"

"But Professor --"

"Potter, I know what I'm talking about," she said shortly.
"

"Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great
hand on Harry's shoulder and making Harry's knees buckle.
"

"D'you think I'm going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me?
"

"Er -- well, I'm right-handed," said Harry.
"

"I am -- I'm wearing the badge like Bill used to -- and I'm holding the
house cup and the Quidditch cup -- I'm Quidditch captain, too.
"

"I'm going to be a knight," said Ron.
"

"I'm going to see what section he was in," said Ron, who'd had enough of
working.
"

"I'm not as good as you," said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of
him.
"

"I'm not going to do anything," said Harry, "honestly.
"

"I'm not sayin' that's not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the
Muggle world except in very special circumstances," said Hagrid.
"

"I'm not sure that'll work, Vernon.
"

"I'm sayin' nothin, said Hagrid flatly.
"

"I'm serious, Harry, don't go.
"

"I'm tellin' yeh, yer wrong!
"

"No -- I'm alone -- but I'm different -- I look older -- and I'm head
boy!
"

"Oh, I'm so glad we know what it's called, that's a great help," snarled
Ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his
neck.
"

"There's no need to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor,
Malfoy's already done that," Neville choked out.
"

On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
thing -- ").
" He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor Flitwick,
I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong.

here 111


"Come here," Quirrell repeated.


"Everyone here?


"Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall.


"Give it here," Harry called, "or I'll knock you off that broom!


"Give that here, Malfoy," said Harry quietly.


"Here I come," he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp.


"How did you get here?


"I never thought to look in here!


"I'm going out of here tonight and I'm going to try and get to the Stone
first.


"In here.


"It's here -- just here -- yes!


"Lucky this plant thing's here, really," said Ron.


"No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy," Harry called.


"No, no -here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy.


"Now, as I understand it, the house cup here needs awarding, and the
points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and
twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two;
Ravenclaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred
and seventy- two.


"Now, you listen here, boy," he snarled, "I accept there's something
strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured
-- and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no
denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion --
asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types --
just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end --"

But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink
umbrella from inside his coat.


"They're in here somewhere," they heard him mutter, "probably hiding.


"We'd better put the cloak on here, and make sure it covers all three of
us -- if Filch spots one of our feet wandering along on its own --"

"What are you doing?


"Ye' all get yer firs' sight o' Hogwarts in a sec," Hagrid called over
his shoulder, "jus' round this bend here.


"Yes -- Potter -- come here.


"You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of
potionmaking," he began.


"You could just leave me here," Harry put in hopefully (he'd be able to
watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go
on Dudley's computer).


As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry could have sworn a low,
hissing voice said, "Brazil, here I come.


Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore,

To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four:

First, however slyly the poison tries to hide

You will always find some on nettle wine's left side;

Second, different are those who stand at either end,

But if you would move onward, neither is your friend;

Third, as you see clearly, all are different size,

Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides;

Fourth, the second left and the second on the right

Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight.


Just then, the doorbell rang -- "Oh, good Lord, they're here!


Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd,
while cats of every color wound here and there between their legs.

A lot of the greatest wizards haven't got an ounce of logic, they'd be
stuck in here forever.

Harry Potter come and live here!

Professor McGonagall led the first years up here, so that they came to a
halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind them.
 "A magic beyond all we do here!
 "And I don't suppose you're going to
tell me why you're here, of all places?
 "And it's really thanks to Malfoy here
that I've got it," he added.
 "As there is little foolish wand-waving
here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic.
 "Everyone see here,
Miss Granger's done it!
 "Everything
we need is here on this paper.
 "Got the lot
here -- another young man being fitted up just now, in fact.
 "Got this outta the library -- Dragon Breeding
for Pleasure and Profit -- it's a bit outta date, o' course, but it's
all in here.
 "Here I go - now,
don't hang around once you've won.
 "I bet
there's a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant
three-headed dog.
 "I wondered whether I'd be meeting you here,
Potter.
 "Listen - come an' see me later, I'm not
promisin' I'll tell yeh anythin', mind, but don' go rabbitin' about it
in here, students aren' s'pposed ter know.
 "Listen here -- I've told yeh -- drop
it.
 "There's summat in here that shouldn' be.
 "Well, here
goes.
 An' see here -- how ter recognize
diff'rent eggs -- what I got there's a Norwegian Ridgeback.
 And here they are: Nitwit!
 And you
should have seen their faces when I got in here -- they thought I might
not be magic enough to come, you see.
 But how is the boy
getting here, Dumbledore?
 Dotted here and there among the students, the
ghosts shone misty silver.
 Firs' years
over here!
 Follow
me over here a moment.
 Fred and George have lost loads
of points in all the time they've been here, and people still like
them.
 Got summat fer yeh here -- I mighta sat on
it at some point, but it'll taste all right.
 Harry
could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right
-the rest of the school must already be here -- but Professor McGonagall
showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall.
 He
gives us all a bad name and you know, he's not really even a ghost -- I
say, what are you all doing here?
 He couldn't stay here, he had to find his way back to bed.
 Here we are.
 Hermione was the last
person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending
she had, to get them out of trouble.
 I know it's here somewhere.
 I must have passed a
dozen feasts and parties on my way here.
 I suppose it was
he who told you I'd be here, by the way?
 I suppose it's here to break the fall.
 I suppose you think it's
funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too?
 I think he knows more or
less everything that goes on here, you know.
 I told you I'd read
the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen
to this: 'Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark
wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of
dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas
Flamel'!
 I want you all back
here in five minutes ready to leave.
 I will take them from here.
 I've been out here for hours, I couldn't
remember the new password to get in to bed.
 If I hear you 've
come anywhere near here again, I'll take another fifty points from
Gryffindor!
 It
seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand.
 It was colder
here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough
without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls.
 Look, I've jus' bin askin' Ronan, you seen anythin' odd in
here lately?
 Nearly everything in here was
broken.
 Not to worry, we'll find the perfect match here
somewhere -- I wonder, now - - yes, why not -- unusual combination --
holly and phoenix feather, eleven inches, nice and supple.
 Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance
of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail.
 Thanks for the letter -- I'd be glad to take the Norwegian
Ridgeback, but it won't be easy getting him here.
 That
Stone's here fer a good reason.
 The Sorting is a very
important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be
something like your family within Hogwarts.
 The very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle
with some secret magic.
 There was nothing to stop him from staying here all
night with his family.
 There were still spots of
unicorn blood here and there along the winding path.
 Today he'd rather be back in his cupboard with
that letter than up here without it.
 We've no business staying
here.
 Well
-- give him here, Hagrid -- we'd better get this over with.
 Yeh've done yer bit,
I'll take over from here.
 Yesterday he'd have given
anything to be up here.
 Yet
here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake:

Mr.
 You could be
great, you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you
on the way to greatness, no doubt about that -- no?
 d-don't know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places,
Severus.
 he asked what I did, an' I told him I was gamekeeper here.
 it's our
fault he's here in the first place.
 they can't be here just for decoration," said Hermione.
 your
father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food
when he was here.
"

"All right -- I only came in here because people outside are behaving
very childishly, racing up and down the corridors," said Hermione in a
sniffy voice.
"

"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore," said Hagrid
importantly, throwing out his chest.
"

"Are there many of them in here?
"

"D'you think I'm going to stand out here and wait for Filch to catch me?
"

"Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here
under this big one from Mommy and Daddy.
"

"Give it here!
"

"Got it here somewhere," said Hagrid, and he started emptying his
pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits
over the goblin's book of numbers.
"

"How long have I been in here?
"

"I have business here, Peeves," croaked Harry.
"

"I shouldn't be too friendly to them, Hagrid," said Filch coldly,
they're here to be punished, after all.
"

"Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know,
you know everything that goes on round here," said Hermione in a warm,
flattering voice.
"

"Potter, come back here!
"

"Wanted one ever since I was a kid -- here we go.
"

"You don't mean -- you can't mean the people who live here?
"

"You two wait here!
"

He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what
came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table
with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
"

She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping
he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on.
" said Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to
stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already.

harry's 109



CHAPTER SIX

THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS

Harry's last month with the Dursleys wasn't fun.


"Don't talk to me for a moment," said Ron when Harry sat down next to
him, "I need to concen --" He caught sight of Harry's face.


"Harry's is better than ours, though," said Fred, holding up Harry's
sweater.


"I'm warning you," he had said, putting his large purple face right up
close to Harry's, "I'm warning you now, boy -- any funny business,
anything at all -- and you'll be in that cupboard from now until
Christmas.


"Oh, let's kick her, just this once," Ron whispered in Harry's ear, but
Harry shook his head.


"Wow," Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harry's bedspread.


"You must be Harry's family!


All Harry's -- it was incredible.


At once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at
Harry's face.


Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the
smell from Harry's new uniform.


Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Harry's heart gave a leap.


Harry's broom jumped into his hand at once, but it was one of the few
that did.


Harry's eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them
wide open.


It had been Harry's best Christmas day ever.


It was the best evening of Harry's life, better than winning at
Quidditch, or Christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls.


Outside the Apothecary, Hagrid checked Harry's list again.


Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and
like Flitwick, he paused at Harry's name.


The pain in Harry's head was so bad he fell to his knees.


The white king took off his crown and threw it at Harry's feet.


Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry's new
resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern him was put
to an unexpected test.


They bought Harry's school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts
where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as
paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in
covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with
nothing in them at all.

Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffindor faded quickly from Harry's
mind.

Yours sincerely,

Minerva McGonagall,

Deputy Headmistress

Questions exploded inside Harry's head like fireworks and he couldn't
decide which to ask first.
 "

He put Harry's wand back into its box and wrapped it in brown paper,
still muttering, "Curious.
 "Dad, Harry's got something!
 "I brought Ron round --
that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact
Dumbledore when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he
just said, 'Harry's gone after him, hasn't he?
 "I don' know why
Harry's broom acted like that, but Snape wouldn' try an' kill a student!
 A roar of rage echoed from the Gryffindors below -- Marcus Flint
had blocked Harry on purpose, and Harry's broom spun off course, Harry
holding on for dear life.
 After a
minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the
Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with
Harry's letter clutched in his hand.
 And slowly, Harry looked into the
faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as
though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family,
for the first time in his life.
 At
once, a needle-sharp pain seared across Harry's scar; his head felt as
though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his
might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him.
 At the start of their
first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Harry's name he
gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight.
 Catching the look on Harry's
face, he added quickly, "But people only die in proper duels, you know,
with real wizards.
 Dudley's gang had been chasing him as
usual when, as much to Harry's surprise as anyone else's, there he was
sitting on the chimney.
 Each of them was pushing a trunk like
Harry's in front of him -- and they had an owl.
 Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up stories chased each
other around Harry's brain, each more feeble than the last.
 Fang rested his head on Harry's
knee and drooled all over his robes.
 Harry didn't speak at all as they walked
down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at
them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped
packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry's lap.
 Harry watched Hagrid
getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine,
finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry's
amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.
 Harry's
seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig.
 Harry's broom had given a wild
jerk and Harry swung off it.
 Harry's head was swimming.
 Harry's knees were trembling.
 Harry's legs were
like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food.
 Harry's mouth went rather dry.
 Harry's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which
was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye).
 Harry's victory faded from his mind as he watched.
 Harry's won!
 He caught Harry's eye
and Harry knew at once that Snape's feelings toward him hadn't changed
one jot.
 He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out
of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry's blankets, and then came back to
the other two.
 He looked carefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar
that stood out, livid, on Harry's forehead.
 Hermione was stomping up the stairs,
looking disapprovingly at the package in Harry's hand.
 If it was Monday -- and you
could usually count on Dudley to know the days the week, because of
television -- then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harry's eleventh birthday.
 It stuck up at the back, just as
Harry's did.
 It was a nice feeling,
sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Harry's pasties,
cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten).
 No one seemed to have noticed that Harry's
broom was behaving strangely.
 Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry's forehead with a
long, white finger.
 Perhaps it was Harry's
imagination, after all he'd heard about Slytherin, but he thought they
looked like an unpleasant lot.
 Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off -- the
pain in Harry's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only
hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of, "KILL HIM!
 Ron appeared out of
nowhere as he pulled off Harry's invisibility cloak.
 Several boys of
about Harry's age had their noses pressed against a window with
broomsticks in it.
 She grabbed Harry's wand, tapped the
lock, and whispered, 'Alohomora!
 She had a very stern face and Harry's first thought
was that this was not someone to cross.
 She hadn't spoken to
either of them since the day Harry's broomstick had arrived.
 She landed on Harry's other side.
 Slowly, very slowly, it raised
its head until its eyes were on a level with Harry's.
 The
hairs on the back of Harry's neck prickled.
 The Dursleys had received a very angry letter
from Harry's headmistress telling them Harry had been climbing school
buildings.
 The day before Harry's first Quidditch match the three of them
were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured
them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.
 The feeling suddenly surged back into Harry's legs.
 The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell's
turban straight into Harry's eyes -- and a sharp, hot pain shot across
the scar on Harry's forehead.
 The troll couldn't feel Harry hanging there,
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
nose, and Harry's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
 They tried retracing Harry's route from the
library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour.
 This morning, however, she fluttered
down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto
Harry's plate.
 Two
hours later, Harry's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the
Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to
Harry, and they had set off.
 UP another
staircase, then another -- even one of Harry's shortcuts didn't make the
work much easier.
 Uncle Vernon dumped Harry's
trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him.
"

"Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business," said Hagrid, clapping his great
hand on Harry's shoulder and making Harry's knees buckle.
"

"He's lost his marbles," Ron muttered in Harry's ear.
"

"Hey, look -- Harry's got a Weasley sweater, too!
"

"P-P-Potter," stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harry's hand,
"c-can't t-tell you how p- pleased I am to meet you.
"

And to Harry's horror, a voice answered, and the voice seemed to come
from Quirrell himself

"Use the boy.
"

As they climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harry's mind
was racing and his spirits were low.
"

Doris Crockford shook Harry's hand one last time, and Hagrid led them
through the bar and out into a small, walled courtyard, where there was
nothing but a trash can and a few weeds.
"

Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harry's face.
"

Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his head bowed in case of
low-hanging branches, but did not answer Harry's question.
"

Harry's heart did a somersault.
"

Harry's heart gave a horrible jolt.
"

Harry's heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it
wouldn't be so bad.
"

Harry's mind was racing.
"

Harry's mouth fell open.
"

Harry's stomach lurched with nerves and Ron, he saw, looked pale under
his freckles.
"

He grinned at Harry's amazement.
"

He held out an enormous hand and shook Harry's whole arm.
"

He held out his hand to shake Harry's, but Harry didn't take it.
"

He pointed at Harry's forehead.
"

He shook his head and then, to Harry's relief, spotted Hagrid.
"

It was as though an iron fist had clenched suddenly around Harry's
heart.
"

Neville clutched the sleeve of Harry's robe and made a choking noise.
"

On Harry's other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione were talking about
lessons ("I do hope they start right away, there's so much to learn, I'm
particularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something
into something else, of course, it's supposed to be very difficult-";
"You'll be starting small, just matches into needles and that sort of
thing -- ").
"

Something very painful was going on in Harry's mind.
"

There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didn't meet Harry's eyes
this time.
"

With the twins' help, Harry's trunk was at last tucked away in a corner
of the compartment.
" For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of
Harry's bathrobe for the last minute.
" She jerked her head in Harry's direction.
" and other voices, maybe in Harry's own head, crying, "Harry!
" said Ron, turning to his own pile, which
was a lot bigger than Harry's.
" said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harry's
lightning scar.
" shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged,
knocking Harry clean off his feet' landing on top of him, both hands
around Harry's neck -- Harry's scar was almost blinding him with pain,
yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.

dudley 107



CHAPTER NINE

THE MIDNIGHT DUEL

Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.


"DUDLEY!


"Do it again," Dudley ordered.


"Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.


"I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley.


"Taking Dudley to the hospital," growled Uncle Vernon.


"This is boring," Dudley moaned.


As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said
gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.


At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it
while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a
video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and
a VCR.


Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the
smell from Harry's new uniform.


Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching,
terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.


Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the
glistening brown coils.


Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it
high out of his reach.


From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I don't
want him in there.


Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in
the back of the Dursleys' car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the
zoo for the first time in his life.


Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his
mother.


One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings
uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs.


That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in
his brand-new uniform.


The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised
its eyes to the ceiling.


When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice
to Harry, made Dudley go and get it.

"Dudley -- go -- just go.

Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the
head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and
computer in his sports bag.

Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed,
because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the
walls.

Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk
bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and
pinched by his cousin Dudley.

Harry, who could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down
his bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over.

He had always been last to be chosen, not because he was no good, but
because no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him.

Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a
large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets -- but Dudley
Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large
blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a
computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother.

When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their
faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut.

nine -- maybe he'd wake Dudley up, just to annoy him -- three.
 'Atta boy, Dudley!
 A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him once
while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley.
 As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except
snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were
all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had
nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to
squeeze him to death.
 Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second
room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa.
 Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley
looked like a baby angel -- Harry often said that Dudley looked like a
pig in a wig.
 Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley,
looking terrified at the very sight of Harry.
 By nightfall Dudley was
howling.
 By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard
again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his
new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time
out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs.
 Dudley
thought this was very funny.
 Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds
and damp, musty sheets.
 Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick,
man-crushing pythons.
 Dudley had always taken anything
that Harry really wanted, even if It made him sick.
 Dudley had been accepted at Uncle Vernon's old private
school, Smeltings.
 Dudley jerked awake.
 Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon.
 Dudley quickly found the largest snake in the
place.
 Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on
the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and
wondering.
 Dudley stopped pretending to cry at once.
 Dudley was in
shock.
 Dudley wasn't used to being ignored.
 Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents.
 Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming
Dudley into his high chair.
 Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have
been wild to get his hands on some of these.
 Exactly why Dudley wanted a
racing bike was a mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated
exercise -- unless of course it involved punching somebody.
 Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but
silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry,
his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at
the crack between door and floor.
 He
wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of
all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose.
 He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and
Dudley screamed and ran from the room.
 He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole
life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.
 He looked even smaller and
skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes
of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was.
 He was careful to
walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who
were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn't fall
back on their favorite hobby of hitting him.
 He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their
backs while Dudley hit them.
 He'd
spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and
Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned
into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard?
 I'm going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer.
 If
he'd once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come Dudley
had always been able to kick him around like a football?
 If it was Monday -- and you
could usually count on Dudley to know the days the week, because of
television -- then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harry's eleventh birthday.
 Is that all right''

Dudley thought for a moment.
 It looked as
though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the
second television and the racing bike.
 It was even worth being with
Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school,
his cupboard, or Mrs.
 It wasn't bad, either, Harry thought, licking it as they
watched a gorilla scratching its head who looked remarkably like Dudley,
except that it wasn't blond.
 Next Door's problems with her daughter and how Dudley had
learned a new word ("Won't!
 Nobody said a thing while the giant was
working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt
sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little.
 Piers and Dudley could only
gibber.
 Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and
Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and
stupidest of the lot, he was the leader.
 Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other
room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door
behind them.
 The
Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the
entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry
what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap
lemon ice pop.
 The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their
opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
 The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working
tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the
corner was Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot
through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school
for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent
because Dudley had sat on it.
 They ate in the zoo
restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker
glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him
another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.
 This boy
was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didn't want
Dudley mixing with a child like that.
 True, Dudley was now so
scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia
and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do
anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.
 Two
hours later, Harry's huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the
Dursleys' car, Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to
Harry, and they had set off.
 Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the
ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact
that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind.
 Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as
usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere,
on the table.
 Uncle Vernon said
sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley.
 What came next happened
so fast no one saw how it happened -- one second, Piers and Dudley were
leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with
howls of horror.
 When
Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to
catch the last report on the evening news:

"And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's
owls have been behaving very unusually today.
 When September came he would be going off
to secondary school and, for the first time in his life, he wouldn't be
with Dudley.
 and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his
revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?
"

"All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face.
"

"Make Dudley get it.
"

"Poke him with your Smelting stick, Dudley.
"

Dudley and Piers sniggered.
"

Dudley began to cry loudly.
"

Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could.
"

Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley.
"

He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley
-- there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a
sharp squeal, and the next second, Dudley was dancing on the spot with
his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain.
"

He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear.
"

The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt
Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one
where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things
that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom.
"

They stared at each other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and
Dudley were still in the room.
" Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that
afternoon.
" Dudley asked Harry in
amazement.
" Dudley had laughed himself silly
at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining school the next day,
where he was already laughed at for his baggy clothes and taped glasses.
" Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel.
" Dudley yelled between huge,
pretend sobs.
" Then he ran, before
Dudley could work out what he'd said.
" demanded Dudley.
" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the
scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the
kitchen door behind them.
" said Dudley suddenly.

malfoy 107
	Still, first-year
Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didn't have to
put up with Malfoy much.



CHAPTER NINE

THE MIDNIGHT DUEL

Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.



CHAPTER TEN

HALLOWEEN

Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were
still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.


"Give that here, Malfoy," said Harry quietly.


"I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --"

"Bet you could," Ron muttered.


"I do feel so sorry," said Draco Malfoy, one Potions class, "for all
those people who have to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas because they're
not wanted at home.


"I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got Neville.


"I'd take you on anytime on my own," said Malfoy.


"I'll get him," said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of
these days, I'll get him --"

"I hate them both," said Harry, "Malfoy and Snape.


"I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word

"Ron!


"I'm worth twelve of you, Malfoy," he stammered.


"Look --" he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Malfoy.


"Malfoy," said Neville shakily.


"Never -- in all my time at Hogwarts --"

Professor McGonagall was almost speechless with shock, and her glasses
flashed furiously, "-- how dare you -- might have broken your neck --"

"It wasn't his fault, Professor --"

"Be quiet, Miss Patil

"But Malfoy --"

"That's enough, Mr.


"No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neck, Malfoy," Harry called.


"Potter's been sent a broomstick, Professor," said Malfoy quickly.


"Shut up, Malfoy," snapped Parvati Patil.


"You're worth twelve of Malfoy," Harry said.


"You've met Malfoy before?


Chuckling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his
crate.


Draco Malfoy didn't go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale
cheeks.


Harry hadn't had a single letter since Hagrid's note, something that
Malfoy had been quick to notice, of course.


He turned his broomstick sharply to face Malfoy in midair.


Malfoy and Crabbe weren't there yet.


Malfoy had seen the dragon.


Malfoy now turned to Hagrid.


Malfoy smiled nastily.


Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen.


Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not
daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville.


No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.


Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by
the ear.


Scabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk
deep into Goyle's knuckle - Crabbe and Malfoy backed away as Goyle swung
Scabbers round and round, howling, and when Scabbets finally flew off
and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at once.


The same thought seemed to have struck Malfoy.

Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy he'd been doing it
wrong for years.

Harry could see Draco Malfoy banging his goblet on the table.

Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the
Body-Bind Curse put on him.

Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch
match.

Malfoy.

What did you say you've got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty?
 "And
I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle
single-handed!
 "And it's really thanks to Malfoy here
that I've got it," he added.
 "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.
 "I was
trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
catch you, he said you had a drag --"

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
McGonagall had seen.
 "Malfoy was insultin' his family.
 "Oh no oh no -- I've
just remembered -- Charlie's letter was in that book Malfoy took, he's
going to know we're getting rid of Norbert.
 A little way into it they reached a
fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left
path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
 All they really
wanted now was a way of getting back at Malfoy, and to their great
delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later.
 And we have got the
invisibility cloak, Malfoy doesn't know about that.
 And where's Malfoy?
 Anything to get rid of Norbert -- and Malfoy.
 Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of
him, wrestling him to the ground.
 Come on -- I shall see
Professor Snape about you, Malfoy!
 Draco
Malfoy looked at him.
 Filch was already
there -- and so was Malfoy.
 Go on"'

Malfoy didn't move.
 Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had
gotten a detention, too.
 Harry had only just raised
his wand when they heard someone speak -and it wasn't Malfoy.
 Harry told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it
got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened
painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with
it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, Snape, whose laugh
became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Harry woke,
sweating and shaking.
 Harry took
out his wand in case Malfoy leapt in and started at once.
 Harry, Malfoy, and Fang stood
transfixed.
 He swept around in his long black cloak,
watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing
almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like.
 He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were
shaking with laughter.
 He was just
telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned
slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the
dungeon.
 He was never going to meet you -- Filch knew someone was going to
be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off.
 He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to
see, didn't look too pleased with the seating arrangements.
 It was Malfoy.
 Malfoy
only just got out of the way in time; Harry made a sharp about-face and
held the broom steady.
 Malfoy could go to Dumbledore at any moment.
 Malfoy looked
stunned.
 Malfoy seized the
package from Harry and felt it.
 Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of
my books so he could come and have a good laugh at me.
 Malfoy,
Neville, and Fang were with him.
 Malfoy, it seemed,
had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke.
 No more dragon -- Malfoy in
detention -- what could spoil their happiness?
 On the other hand, Malfoys sneering face kept looming
up out of the darkness - this was his big chance to beat Malfoy
face-to-face.
 So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back
to taunting Harry about having no proper family.
 They sat by the hour eating anything they
could spear on a toasting fork -- bread, English muffins, marshmallows
-- and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk
about even if they wouldn't work.
 They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were
ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.
 To make a fool
of myself on a broomstick in front of Malfoy.
 You fed Draco
Malfoy some cock-and-bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of
bed and into trouble.
"

"I want Fang," said Malfoy quickly, looking at Fang's long teeth.
"

"Malfoy tricked you," Hermione said to Harry.
"

"What would you know about it, Weasley, you couldn't afford half the
handle," Malfoy snapped back.
"

At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his
tracks.
"

Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their
hands.
"

Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less welcome
turned up: Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.
"

Harry caught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle's triumphant faces as he
left, walking numbly in Professor McGonagall's wake as she strode toward
the castle.
"

Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle.
"

Malfoy let out a terrible scream and bolted -- so did Fang.
"

Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up.
"

Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at
once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!
"

Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with
himself.
"

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering
needles everywhere and smirking.
"

Neville was trying to remember what he'd forgotten when Draco Malfoy,
who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his
hand.
"

Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.
"

Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs.
"

Scowling, Malfoy quickly dropped the Remembrall back on the table.
"

So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang.
"

When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.
" Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstick
and taken off.
" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
" Malfoy sneered.
" said
Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another
penalty for no reason at all.
" said Malfoy,
unable to keep the fear out of his voice.
" said Malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the
grass.
" said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried.
" said Malfoy.

before 106



CHAPTER NINE

THE MIDNIGHT DUEL

Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.


"Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves," he said.


"So," said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with
Harry, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of
the Mirror of Erised.


"You've met Malfoy before?


After a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and Christmas cake,
everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and
watch Percy chase Fred and George all over Gryffindor tower because
they'd stolen his prefect badge.


An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like
moons through the gloom of the shop.


Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung
open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in.


But he hadn't walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though
Quirrell wasn't moving his lips.


Harry had never been to London before.


Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on
her.


Hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different
view of things.


I want --" he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into
pieces before his eyes.


It was a while before any of them said anything.


That third night he found his way more quickly than before.


The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and
began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat: a
copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several
chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from
before starting to make tea.


Then a pain like he'd never felt before pierced his head; it was as
though his scar were on fire.


Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harry's new
resolution not to interfere in anything that didn't concern him was put
to an unexpected test.


What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he
thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does.


When everyone had eaten as much as they could, the remains of the food
faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean as before.

Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what he'd promised
himself about not meddling.

Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week
in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he
couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.

Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of
students who would be staying for the holidays, and Harry had signed up
at once.

Worst of all were Professor Snape's classes down in the dungeons, where
their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as
possible to their hot cauldrons.
 "An'
anyway, yeh couldn' work any of them curses yet, yeh'll need a lot more
study before yeh get ter that level.
 "And I must trouble you
with an old man's wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our
delicious feast.
 "And that reminds me -Harry, Ron, we've got
half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.
 "Finnigan, Seamus," the
sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost
a whole minute before the hat declared him a Gryffindor.
 "Got to have that
ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings.
 "I suppose you added the porcupine quills before
taking the cauldron off the fire?
 "Just before
the holidays?
 "Look," Harry heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus
Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops
selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen
before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes,
tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
bottles, globes of the moon.
 "My scar keeps
hurting -- it's happened before, but never as often as this.
 "Should've thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble,
shouldn't you?
 "The planets have been read
wrongly before now, even by centaurs.
 "The start-of-term
banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great
Hall, you will be sorted into your houses.
 "We don't want you attacked before you have to be.
 "You
could look more cheerful, Harry, we've got a week before we find out how
badly we've done, there's no need to worry yet.
 And Neville will play Quidditch for
England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.
 As Hagrid's story
came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more
clearly than he had ever remembered it before -- and he remembered
something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel
laugh.
 Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of
him, wrestling him to the ground.
 Before he could mention this, Hagrid had steered
him inside.
 Before we begin
our banquet, I would like to say a few words.
 Every night before he went to
sleep, Harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned
to the wall, counting down to September the first.
 Famous
before he can walk and talk!
 Figg had
broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself it would be
a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr.
 Finish the game before Snape can favor
Hufflepuff too much.
 Go on, go now before Ron.
 Harry
looked over her shoulder to read it:

Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind,

Two of us will help you, which ever you would find,

One among us seven will let you move ahead,

Another will transport the drinker back instead,

Two among our number hold only nettle wine,

Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line.
 Harry and Ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks
before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in her arms.
 He had a funny
feeling he'd had the same dream before.
 He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before.
 He hurried to his car and set off for home, hoping
he was imagining things, which he had never hoped before, because he
didn't approve of imagination.
 He managed to
say, "Go -- cupboard -- stay -- no meals," before he collapsed into a
chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy.
 Held never been inside the stadium
before.
 His aunt and uncle hadn't been able
to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle
Vernon had taken Harry aside.
 His last, comforting
thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were
involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs.
 I never knew one ter be hurt before.
 I told you I'd read
the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen
to this: 'Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark
wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of
dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas
Flamel'!
 I woke up last
night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I
remembered we'd done that one.
 I'd have managed it before then if Snape
hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you.
 I've never heard of such a thing before!
 If I get caught before I can get to the Stone, well, I'll have to
go back to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, it's
only dying a bit later than I would have, because I'm never going over
to the Dark Side!
 In fact, it was nearly
midnight before the cat moved at all.
 It
was a few seconds before Mr.
 It turned out she'd broken her leg tripping over one of her cats,
and she didn't seem quite as fond of them as before.
 It was a few seconds before
he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in.
 Men have wasted away before it, entranced by
what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is
real or even possible.
 Nah, if yeh ask me, that was what's
bin killin' the unicorns -- never heard anythin' like it before.
 Never heard
of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?
 On my whistle -- three
-- two --"

But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the
ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch's
lips.
 Professor McGonagall was head
of Gryffindor House, but it hadn't stopped her from giving them a huge
pile of homework the day before.
 She sometimes flew in to
nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the
owlery with the other school owls.
 Suppose the myst'ry is why
You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on his side before.
 The
Dursleys bought Dudley and Piers large chocolate ice creams at the
entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry
what he wanted before they could hurry him away, they bought him a cheap
lemon ice pop.
 The
few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to
deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by Hagrid before they could
fly off again.
 The day before Harry's first Quidditch match the three of them
were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured
them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar.
 The pain in his head
lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and
saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering
before his eyes.
 Why didn't I see it before?
 Written in narrow,
loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words: Your
father left this in my possession before he died.
 You
leave those brooms where they are or you'll be out of Hogwarts before
you can say 'Quidditch.
 You'll be in trouble before we even get there!
 You've got to weave
in and out of the Chasers, Beaters, Bludgers, and Quaffle to get it
before the other team's Seeker, because whichever Seeker catches the
Snitch wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they

nearly always win.
 you have the whole summer ahead to get
them nice and empty before next year starts.
"

"And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!
"

"Go on, have a pasty," said Harry, who had never had anything to share
before or, indeed, anyone to share it with.
"

"I've seen you before!
"

"No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right
before the Muggles started swarmin' around.
"

"Quick, go, before it wears off.
"

Before Ron could answer, Professor Flitwick appeared at Malfoy's elbow.
"

Before Ron could say another word, Hermione had disappeared.
"

But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, "That's you done, my
dear," and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking to the boy,
hopped down from the footstool.
"

Goyle reached toward the Chocolate Frogs next to Ron - Ron leapt
forward, but before he'd so much as touched Goyle, Goyle let out a
horrible yell.
"

Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor.
"

Harry unfolded a second piece of paper he hadn't noticed the night
before, and read:

HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY

UNIFORM

First-year students will require:

1.
"

He made sure Peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door behind them,
then he told them what he'd seen and heard.
"

That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd
never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
"

The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the
hall full of people craning to get a good look at him.
"

The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron's eyes, but Hermione
answered before Harry could.
"

The sky had turned light before they stopped talking.
"

They left the hall quickly, wanting to unwrap the broomstick in private
before their first class, but halfway across the entrance hall they
found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle.
"

They reached the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly
lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them.
"

Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before
starting on Harry.
" "Thought you wouldn't open a book before coming,
eh, Potter?
" Harry asked, before he could stop
himself.
" Then he ran, before
Dudley could work out what he'd said.
" before he let them in, and then shut the door
quickly behind them.

door 105



CHAPTER SEVEN

THE SORTING HAT

The door swung open at once.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR

In years to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to
get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting
through the door at any moment.


"He thinks this door is locked," Harry whispered.


"If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they'd be sucked through
the door and trapped in there," said Griphook.


"My father's next door buying my books and mother's up the street
looking at wands," said the boy.


A few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor
-- and the door was already ajar.


And there's Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, his heart
sinking.


Around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the
corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back their door and said,
"Anything off the cart, dears?


As the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears.


Before he could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung
open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in.


Every time they passed the third-floor corridor, Harry, Ron, and
Hermione would press their ears to the door to check that Fluffy was
still growling inside.


Griphook unlocked the door.


Hagrid

Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, which clamped it in its
beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm.


Harry pushed the door open.


He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and
when he left the building at five o'clock, he was still so worried that
he walked straight into someone just outside the door.


His aunt was back outside the door.


Percy Weasley stuck his head through the door, looking disapproving.


Percy directed the girls through one door to their dormitory and the
boys through another.


The door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy
came in.


The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and
with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor.


The whole shack shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the
door.


There was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced
boy Harry had passed on platform nine and threequarters came in.


They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn't
about to come out of it.


They fell backward -- Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they
almost flew, back down the corridor.


They landed quickly, and Harry ran to the door, the key struggling in
his hand.


They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, Oak
front door.


When they knocked on the door of the gamekeeper's hut an hour later,
they were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed.

Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk
bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and
pinched by his cousin Dudley.

Wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key,
fumbling in their panic.

When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their
faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut.
 "But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead
-- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -"

"Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or
we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly
on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to
the front door.
 "I think we'll be able to pull the
door open," said Ron, peering over the dog's back.
 A crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the
front door.
 A door stood ajar to his left.
 Anyway

He had just raised his 'wand when the compartment door slid open again.
 As they
couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door,
slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small
window in the downstairs bathroom.
 But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon
through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash
cans outside the kitchen doors.
 Filch found them trying to force their way through a
door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds
corridor on the third floor.
 Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but
silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry,
his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomach to listen at
the crack between door and floor.
 Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside.
 He
kept his eyes fixed on the door.
 He bent down, picked up the door, and fitted it
easily back into its frame.
 He leaned against the wooden door and looked
up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun.
 He pulled the door open.
 He pushed
the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.
 He put Hedwig inside first and then started
to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door.
 He reached the door untouched.
 He stroked the door gently with
one of his long fingers and it simply melted away.
 He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game
when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the
toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.
 Hermione, however, stood alone by the door, waiting
for them.
 His aunt rapped on the door again.
 His heart hammered as he crept
across the dark hall toward the front door --

Harry leapt into the air; he'd trodden on something big and squashy on
the doormat -- something alive!
 Horror-struck, Harry waved madly
at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried
silently toward the door, away from Filch's voice.
 It didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the
next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead.
 It was always a nasty shock when one of
them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open.
 It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end.
 It was worse than having a cupboard as a
bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door
to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house.
 No sooner had they reached the
door separating Fluffy from the rest of the school than Professor
McGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper.
 Norris
came round the door.
 On the
opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door.
 Peeling gold letters over the door
read Ollivanders: Makers of Fine Wands since 382 B.
 People pushed their way
toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform.
 Professor McGonagall slammed
the door behind him and turned to face the two boys.
 Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other
room, he cast one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door
behind them.
 She and Uncle
Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest,
most ragged blanket.
 She opened the door
and poked her head inside.
 The chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear.
 The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working
tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor's dog; in the
corner was Dudley's first-ever television set, which he'd put his foot
through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large
birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school
for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent
because Dudley had sat on it.
 The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass
number four on the Dursleys' front door; it crept into their living
room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when
Mr.
 The twins slid the compartment door shut
behind them.
 Then, to
his relief, a voice came floating in through the train's open door.
 They tugged and heaved at the door, but it
wouldn't budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.
 Uncle Vernon had been
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
sure that Harry didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do.
 We've got to catch the key to the door!
 With
one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and Hermione charged through
the door and up the next passageway.
 With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the
key, slam the door, and lock it.
 Yet the days crept by, and there could
be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door.
"

Behind the white pieces they could see another door.
"

Griphook held the door open for them.
"

Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle
door.
"

Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke.
"

Hagrid's big, hairy face appeared in the crack as he pulled the door
open.
"

Harry bolted to the door and looked out.
"

Harry looked at the grandfather clock by the door.
"

Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort screamed "SEIZE HIM!
"

Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but --

"POTTER!
"

He did look very green, and when the cart stopped at last beside a small
door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the
wall to stop his knees from trembling.
"

He made sure Peeves wasn't inside before shutting the door behind them,
then he told them what he'd seen and heard.
"

He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what
came next - but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table
with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line.
"

Ron examined the lock on the door.
"

Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them
what was facing them.
"

She pulled the door wide.
"

The lock clicked and the door swung open -- they piled through it, shut
it quickly, and pressed their ears against it, listening.
"

They had reached another door.
"

They pushed the door open.
" Harry asked the other two, his hand on the door handle.
" Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward
the door, but she couldn't move, she was still flat against the wall,
her mouth open with terror.
" Peeves bellowed, "STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE
CHARMS CORRIDOR"

Ducking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the
corridor where they slammed into a door -- and it was locked.
" Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, "We're
done for!
" before he let them in, and then shut the door
quickly behind them.
" he said, dashing to the door to make sure.
" his aunt snapped through the door.
" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the
scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the
kitchen door behind them.
" said Fred Weasley, peering out of the
door.
" said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
through the door.

eyes 104



CHAPTER TEN

HALLOWEEN

Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were
still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.


"Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes.


"I've decided to call him Norbert," said Hagrid, looking at the dragon
with misty eyes.


"Thanks," said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes.


"Very nice," said Wood, his eyes glinting.


An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like
moons through the gloom of the shop.


Harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the
beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile.


Harry's eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them
wide open.


I want --" he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into
pieces before his eyes.


It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry
knew that the only reason they weren't already dead was that their
sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting
over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant.


Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not
daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville.


Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at
Harry.


The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised
its eyes to the ceiling.


The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes.


They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground.


They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that
filled the whole space between ceiling and floor.

An' it's your bad luck you grew up in a family o' the biggest Muggles I
ever laid eyes on.

He finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, who was
scratching her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.

His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon
spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been
broken at least twice.

Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching

and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging
in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs.
 "How are you supposed to keep your
eyes on all three heads at once?
 "Look," Harry heard one of them say, "the new Nimbus
Two Thousand -- fastest ever --" There were shops selling robes, shops
selling telescopes and strange silver instruments Harry had never seen
before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels' eyes,
tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion
bottles, globes of the moon.
 "Yeh look a
lot like yet dad, but yeh've got yet mom's eyes.
 "You
don't use your eyes, any of you, do you?
 "You have your mother's eyes.
 Although he could tell it was
daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight.
 And slowly, Harry looked into the
faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as
though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family,
for the first time in his life.
 But he still didn't open his eyes.
 Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in
front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out
cold with a bloody lump on its head.
 For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at
the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall
blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from
Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out.
 Harry
had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes.
 Harry could see himself reflected in those misty eyes.
 He
kept his eyes fixed on the door.
 He
putted out the cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had
given him for Christmas.
 He
tore his eyes away from his mother's face, whispered, "I'll come back,"
and hurried from the room.
 He closed his eyes, stepped in
front of the mirror, and opened them again.
 He drummed his fingers on the steering
wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite
close by.
 He had a large pink face,
not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay
smoothly on his thick, fat head.
 He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale
sapphires.
 He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop
under his breath.
 He looked carefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the scar
that stood out, livid, on Harry's forehead.
 He narrowed
his wicked black eyes.
 He passed Filch in the doorway; Filch's pale, wild
eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filch's
outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the book's shrieks
still ringing in his ears.
 He pushed
the door ajar and peered inside -- and a horrible scene met his eyes.
 He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the
gloom.
 He was
cursing your broomstick, muttering, he wouldn't take his eyes off you.
 He was going to smash
right into that barrier and then he'd be in trouble -- leaning forward
on his cart, he broke into a heavy run -- the barrier was coming nearer
and nearer -- he wouldn't be able to stop -- the cart was out of control
-- he was a foot away -- he closed his eyes ready for the crash --

It didn't come.
 He was pale and his eyes were glittering.
 He was sure it was the
same one; it had the same markings around its eyes.
 His
eyes were black like Hagrid's, but they had none of Hagrid's warmth.
 His face was almost
completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled
beard, but you could make out his eyes, glinting like black beetles
under all the hair.
 Instead he was smiling
at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly
the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes.
 It was chalk white with glaring red
eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake.
 It was sitting as
still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of
Privet Drive.
 It wasn't really a tune, but
from the first note the beast's eyes began to droop.
 Its mean little eyes saw
Harry.
 Its spiny wings were huge
compared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils,
the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes.
 Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry
looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars.
 Norris
turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didn't do anything.
 Norris, a scrawny, dust-colored creature
with bulging, lamp like eyes just like Filch's.
 One of his eyes
was twitching.
 Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror.
 Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than
looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn't keep
his eyes off them.
 She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her
eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little closer to the
glass.
 She had short, gray hair, and
yellow eyes like a hawk.
 Slowly, very slowly, it raised
its head until its eyes were on a level with Harry's.
 The cat's tail twitched and its eyes narrowed.
 The hook-nosed teacher looked past Quirrell's
turban straight into Harry's eyes -- and a sharp, hot pain shot across
the scar on Harry's forehead.
 The pain in his head
lessened -- he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and
saw him hunched in pain, looking at his fingers -- they were blistering
before his eyes.
 Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the
record shop on the other as if they couldn't see the Leaky Cauldron at
all.
 They edged along the walls,
keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room.
 Those
silvery eyes were a bit creepy.
 Twelve times
he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street
were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat
watching him.
 What if he just
sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor
McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a
mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
 When I open
my eyes I'll be at home in my cupboard.
 While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a
supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself
examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule,
glittery-black beetle eyes (five Knuts a scoop).
 he opened his eyes.
"

"Oh yeah, you're right," said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor
Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was
trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
"

"Should tell Filch, I should," said Peeves in a saintly voice, but his
eyes glittered wickedly.
"

A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the
hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down.
"

Dumbledore now became very interested in a bird out on the windowsill,
which gave Harry time to dry his eyes on the sheet.
"

Dumbledore's twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley
twins.
"

Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respect blazing in his eyes, but
Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had
been a horrible mistake.
"

Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost
sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt face, and robes stained
with silver blood.
"

Harry wished he had about eight more eyes.
"

He hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward Harry and seized his
hand, tears in his eyes.
"

He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted
anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the
giant.
"

Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville's cloak, which was fastened
under his left ear, and on Ron's smudged nose.
"

Hermione's eyes were wide.
"

His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in it and
he snorted.
"

Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her
eyes beneath her spectacles.
"

Ron threw the cloak back over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs.
"

Ron's eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be
unwrapped.
"

The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the
hall full of people craning to get a good look at him.
"

The light of adventure was kindling again in Ron's eyes, but Hermione
answered before Harry could.
"

There was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide
mouth appeared, floating cross- legged in the air, clutching the walking
sticks.
"

There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didn't meet Harry's eyes
this time.
"

Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, which had been
dark and full of rustling and flickering, jewel-bright eyes.
"

When they told him about Charlie's letter, his eyes filled with tears,
although that might have been because Norbert had just bitten him on the
leg.
"

Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself
onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose
into the air and off into the night.
"

Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes
when he said that.
" Dumbledore's eyes twinkled.
" Harry called, not taking his eyes off the
key with the damaged wing.
" Harry forced himself to keep looking straight into those
cold eyes.

more 104



CHAPTER NINE

THE MIDNIGHT DUEL

Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley,
but that was before he met Draco Malfoy.


"Ahern -- just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered.


"And sir, there's one more thing.


"Be warned, Potter -- any more nighttime wanderings and I will
personally make sure you are expelled.


"C'mon, follow me -- any more firs' years?


"Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, scrambling up the grassy
slope, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and
a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?


"I don't want more trouble," he mumbled.


"I'm warning you, Malfoy -- one more word

"Ron!


"Unless you get out now," said Harry, more bravely than he felt, because
Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.


"We should have gotten more than ten points," Ron grumbled.


"You want to be more careful," said Snape.


A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a
thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the
candles in the pumpkins stutter.


As the match drew nearer, however, Harry became more and more nervous,
whatever he told Ron and Hermione.


Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry
and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer
for it.


Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Sorcerer's Stone.


People stared more than ever on the train.


Ron, at the next table, wasn't having much more luck.


So if you seek beneath our floors

A treasure that was never yours,

Thief, you have been warned, beware

Of finding more than treasure there.


That third night he found his way more quickly than before.


The storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on.


There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the
clearing.


What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he
thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does.

"You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no -- even the Muggles
have noticed something's going on.

Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the
Body-Bind Curse put on him.

Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch
match.

Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to
Harry any more, after all.

Once he caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection
from one of the Weasleys' wristwatches, and once a Bludger decided to
come pelting his way, more like a cannonball than anything, but Harry
dodged it and Fred Weasley came chasing after it.

Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had
entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween decorations put Hermione out
of their minds.

There were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more
goblins were showing people in and out of these.

he was gettin' more an' more powerful -- why'd he go?
 "An'
anyway, yeh couldn' work any of them curses yet, yeh'll need a lot more
study before yeh get ter that level.
 "Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it
isn't more.
 "I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more
interesting, but the spell didn't work.
 "It shows us nothing more or less
than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts.
 "No
more studying," Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass.
 "She obviously makes more of an effort if you're not family.
 "Vault seven hundred and thirteen now,
please, and can we go more slowly?
 "You
could look more cheerful, Harry, we've got a week before we find out how
badly we've done, there's no need to worry yet.
 "You may ask me one
more thing, however.
 A little more power and excellent for transfiguration.
 About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high
stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing
coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses.
 All my family are dead -- let me have another look --"

"You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time.
 And Gryffindor
really can't afford to lose any more points, can it?
 As Hagrid's story
came to a close, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more
clearly than he had ever remembered it before -- and he remembered
something else, for the first time in his life: a high, cold, cruel
laugh.
 Excuses, alibis, and wild cover- up stories chased each
other around Harry's brain, each more feeble than the last.
 Filch wouldn't help
us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with Snape, and the
more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think.
 Going
to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?
 Gryffindor
will be in even more trouble.
 Hagrid almost had to drag
Harry away from Curses and Countercurses (Bewitch Your Friends and
Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges: Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs,
Tongue- Tying and Much, Much More) by Professor Vindictus Viridian.
 Harry must have had more haircuts
than the rest of the boys in his class put

together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way --
all over the place.
 Harry walked more quickly.
 Harry watched Hagrid
getting redder and redder in the face as he called for more wine,
finally kissing Professor McGonagall on the cheek, who, to Harry's
amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided.
 Harry, who had expected more
marble, was surprised.
 He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole
life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.
 He made
several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more.
 He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but
they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had y caught
every word -- like Professor McGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a
class silent without effort.
 He supposed this
was all part of entering the magical world, but it had been a lot more
comfortable saying "Voldemort" without worrying.
 He was
walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he
didn't meet anyone.
 He was beaming at the students,
his arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased him more than to
see them all there.
 He was looking at Harry with
a lot more interest than he'd shown back in Diagon Alley.
 He'd never been more
nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to
the Dursleys saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue.
 He'd really done something to be proud of now -- no one could
say he was just a famous name any more.
 His
lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had
mastered the basics.
 His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the
book had screamed -- for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but
a whole crowd of people standing right behind him.
 I don't think you should be
breaking any more rules!
 I think he knows more or
less everything that goes on here, you know.
 I've never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students.
 If I get one more owl
telling me you've -- you've blown up a toilet or --"

"Blown up a toilet?
 If there was one thing the
Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking
about anything acting in a way it shouldn't, no matter if it was in a
dream or even a cartoon -- they seemed to think he might get dangerous
ideas.
 It was one of my more brilliant
ideas, and between you and me, that's saying something.
 Makes yeh even more famous.
 My father
told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than
they can afford.
 No more dragon -- Malfoy in
detention -- what could spoil their happiness?
 Now she watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant
off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster
the plant wound around them.
 Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what
Hagrid had told him on the night they had met: "Some say he died.
 Perhaps they
thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps they'd
heard footsteps, because a second later, Hermione Granger had come in.
 Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a
sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning you -- one more
word.
 Potter, I thought Gryffindor
meant more to you than this.
 Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than
looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn't keep
his eyes off them.
 She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert
as she towered over the three of them.
 The castle felt more like home than Privet Drive ever had.
 The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the
spindly chair, but the more wands Mr.
 There are more important
things -- friendship and bravery and -- oh Harry -- be careful!
 There was a lot more to magic, as Harry quickly found out,
than waving your wand and saying a few funny words.
 There was of course
nothing at all little about Crabbe and Goyle, but as the High Table was
full of teachers, neither of them could do more than crack their
knuckles and scowl.
 They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their
feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when
they came to a sudden halt.
 They couldn't afford
to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
 They had tied for the house cup -- if
only Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point.
 They hadn't gone more than a dozen
paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a
classroom in front of them.
 Two more presents.
 With Ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much
more slowly the next night.
 You, Miss Granger, I
thought you had more sense.
"

"Don't worry, the Weasleys are more than a match for the Bludgers -- I
mean, they're like a pair of human Bludgers themselves.
"

"No," said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.
"

"Of course not," said Harry, eager to see more magic.
"

"Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic,
Potter.
"

Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from Gryffindor.
"

Harry wished he had about eight more eyes.
"

He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else.
"

It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more
strange and exciting than the wild rumors.
"

More silence followed this little speech.
"

They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound.
" "Mmm," said Harry, wishing
he could say something a bit more interesting.
" Harry shook hands again and again --
Doris Crockford kept coming back for more.

vernon 104


"Bad news, Vernon," she said.


"But what should we do, Vernon?


"Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy.


"Er -- Uncle Vernon?


"Get the mail, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon from behind his paper.


"Have a good term," said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile.


"I haven't got any money -- and you heard Uncle Vernon last night .


"I'll take them," said Uncle Vernon, standing up quickly and following
her from the dining room.


"I've already got us some rations," said Uncle Vernon, "so all aboard!


"In a manner of speaking," said Uncle Vernon.


"Taking Dudley to the hospital," growled Uncle Vernon.


"That does it," said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling
great tufts out of his mustache at the same time.


"Vernon!


"Vernon," Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voice, "look at the
address -- how could they possibly know where he sleeps?


"We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested.


About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and
shouted that Harry needed a haircut.


As he looked at Dudley in his new knickerbockers, Uncle Vernon said
gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life.


At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it
while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a
video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and
a VCR.


But Uncle Vernon didn't believe him.


Dudley and Uncle Vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the
smell from Harry's new uniform.


Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching,
terrified, behind Uncle Vernon.


Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Uncle Vernon held it
high out of his reach.


I want --" he began, but Uncle Vernon was tearing the letters into
pieces before his eyes.


On Sunday morning, Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking
tired and rather ill, but happy.


The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised
its eyes to the ceiling.


There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the
room.


Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon.


Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on.


Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over
the postcard.


Uncle Vernon roared.


Uncle Vernon stayed at home again.


Uncle Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy-looking hotel on the
outskirts of a big city.


Uncle Vernon suddenly found his voice.


Uncle Vernon was back and he was smiling.


Uncle Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded
like "Mimblewimble.


When the mail arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice
to Harry, made Dudley go and get it.


While he drove, Uncle Vernon complained to Aunt Petunia.

When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had run out with their arms over their
faces, Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut.
 After a
minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the
Smelting stick, Uncle Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with
Harry's letter clutched in his hand.
 After what seemed like
hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding,
led the way to the broken-down house.
 But all he'd tried to do (as he shouted at Uncle Vernon
through the locked door of his cupboard) was jump behind the big trash
cans outside the kitchen doors.
 Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon.
 Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and
drive in the opposite direction for a while.
 From Uncle
Vernon and Aunt Petunia.
 Harry had learned from Uncle Vernon that people liked to
be left alone while they did this, but it was very difficult, he'd never
had so many questions in his life.
 Harry thought
this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the
platforms with a nasty grin on his face.
 He handed
Uncle Vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to
open the yellow envelope.
 He'd
spent his life being clouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and
Uncle Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadn't they been turned
into warty toads every time they'd tried to lock him in his cupboard?
 His aunt and uncle hadn't been able
to think of anything else to do with him, but before they'd left, Uncle
Vernon had taken Harry aside.
 Oh my goodness -- Vernon!
 Pointing this at Uncle Vernon like a
sword, he said, "I'm warning you, Dursley -I'm warning you -- one more
word.
 Potter

Room 17

Railview Hotel

Cokeworth

Harry made a grab for the letter but Uncle Vernon knocked his hand out
of the way.
 Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive --'"

With a strangled cry, Uncle Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the
hall, Harry right behind him.
 She and Uncle
Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find
the softest bit of floor he could and to curl up under the thinnest,
most ragged blanket.
 The boat Uncle Vernon had hired was
still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm.
 They ate in the zoo
restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker
glory didn't have enough ice cream on top, Uncle Vernon bought him
another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first.
 True, Dudley was now so
scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia
and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Harry in his cupboard, force him to do
anything, or shout at him -- in fact, they didn't speak to him at all.
 Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at each
other darkly.
 Uncle Vernon certainly seemed to
have got back his courage.
 Uncle Vernon didnt go to work that day.
 Uncle Vernon dumped Harry's
trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him.
 Uncle Vernon had been
lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making
sure that Harry didn't do exactly what he'd been trying to do.
 Uncle Vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside
the car, and disappeared.
 Uncle Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the
ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact
that Harry had grabbed Uncle Vernon around the neck from behind.
 Uncle Vernon opened his newspaper as
usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stick, which he carried everywhere,
on the table.
 Uncle Vernon rapped the glass smartly
with his knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on.
 Uncle Vernon said
sharply, "Don't touch anything he gives you, Dudley.
 Uncle Vernon tapped on the
glass, but the snake didn't budge.
 Uncle Vernon was pointing at what
looked like a large rock way out at sea.
 While Uncle Vernon made furious
telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone
to complain to, Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor.
 it was addressed to you by mistake," said Uncle Vernon shortly.
"

"Barking," said Uncle Vernon, "howling mad, the lot of them.
"

"Don't talk rubbish," said Uncle Vernon.
"

"Get out, both of you," croaked Uncle Vernon, stuffing the letter back
inside its envelope.
"

"Hope you have -- er -- a good holiday," said Hermione, looking
uncertainly after Uncle Vernon, shocked that anyone could be so
unpleasant.
"

"I'm not sure that'll work, Vernon.
"

"Load of old tosh," said Uncle Vernon.
"

"Oh, these people's minds work in strange ways, Petunia, they're not
like you and me," said Uncle Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the
piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him.
"

"Watching -- spying -- might be following us," muttered Uncle Vernon
wildly.
"

"We swore when we took him in we'd put a stop to that rubbish," said
Uncle Vernon, "swore we'd stamp it out of him!
"

A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious
look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled
with rage.
"

But Uncle Vernon wasn't going to give in without a fight.
"

Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, which was written on the
same heavy parchment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of
his hand by Uncle Vernon.
"

He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke.
"

It was Uncle Vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking
furious at the nerve of Harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station
full of ordinary people.
"

That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did something he'd
never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
"

The Dursleys' house had four bedrooms: one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt
Petunia, one for visitors (usually Uncle Vernon's sister, Marge), one
where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things
that wouldn't fit into his first bedroom.
"

Uncle Vernon chuckled.
"

Uncle Vernon grunted again.
"

Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening.
"

Uncle Vernon made a funny rasping noise.
"

Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the car in front.
"

Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall.
"

Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before
starting on Harry.
"
yelled Uncle Vernon.
" Aunt Petunia suggested
timidly, hours later, but Uncle Vernon didn't seem to hear her.
" roared Uncle Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the
scruffs of their necks and threw them into the hall, slamming the
kitchen door behind them.
" said Hagrid, but at that moment, Uncle Vernon, still
ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight.
" said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had squeezed
through the door.
" said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his
hands together.
" shouted Uncle Vernon from the kitchen.
" sneered Uncle Vernon, shaking the letter open
with one hand and glancing at it.
" yelled Uncle Vernon in panic.
" yelled Uncle Vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the
ceiling.

even 104


"--and he said people from Muggle families shouldn't even be allowed
in.


"A wizard, o' course," said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which
groaned and sank even lower, "an' a thumpin' good'un, I'd say, once
yeh've been trained up a bit.


"Have a good term," said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile.


"Well -- yeah -- how many three-headed dogs d'yeh meet, even around
Hogwarts?


"Which means, Dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even
Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, "we
need a little change of decoration.


"You could just leave me here," Harry put in hopefully (he'd be able to
watch what he wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go
on Dudley's computer).


Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it
looked wonderful.


Harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place.


Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where Snape stood, and
was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say
sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.


The brick he had touched quivered -- it wriggled -- in the middle, a
small hole appeared -- it grew wider and wider -- a second later they
were facing an archway large enough even for Hagrid, an archway onto a
cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight.


They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a li- brary
book, even though Harry was still sure he'd read the name somewhere.


They were going even deeper now and gathering speed.

"The Bloody Baron's the only one who can control him, he won't even
listen to us prefects.

"You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no -- even the Muggles
have noticed something's going on.

I do believe he worked so hard to protect you this year because he felt
that would make him and your father even.

Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch
match.

Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week
in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he
couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.

Not even one of the teachers?
 "As I say, even if
You-Know-Who has gone -"

"My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him
by his name?
 "Didn't even scratch himself.
 "Even -- blimey -- Dumbledore's come to watch!
 "Hagrid, he'd have
found out somehow, this is Voldemort we're talking about, he'd have
found out even if you hadn't told him.
 "I've never even touched
one.
 "Know you're there, even if I can't see you.
 "Now, Quidditch is easy enough to understand, even
if it's not too easy to play.
 "The planets have been read
wrongly before now, even by centaurs.
 "Thomas, Dean,"
a Black boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table.
 All three of
the dog's noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it
couldn't see them.
 And slowly, Harry looked into the
faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green
eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as
though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family,
for the first time in his life.
 As they
couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door,
slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small
window in the downstairs bathroom.
 At times, he even wondered
whether Snape was following him, trying to catch him on his own.
 Beats me how yeh even know abou'
Fluffy.
 Come to think
of it, he wasn't even sure his nephew was called Harry.
 Dudley had always taken anything
that Harry really wanted, even if It made him sick.
 Even
Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his
abysmal Potions one.
 Even Aunt Petunia didn't dare ask where they
were going.
 Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have
been wild to get his hands on some of these.
 Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy,
happy day!
 Even Professor Quirrell
was tremblin' ter meet yeh -- mind you, he's usually tremblin'.
 Even Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs
turned on him, because everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose
the house cup.
 Even Ron would tell anyone who'd listen
about the time he'd almost hit a hang glider on Charlie's old broom.
 Even at a distance there was no
mistaking him.
 Even better, Professor Flitwick announced
in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objects fly,
something they had all been dying to try since they'd seen him make
Neville's toad zoom around the classroom.
 Even the endless rain that
had replaced the snow couldn't dampen his spirits.
 Even though it was such a warm day, there
was a blazing fire in the grate.
 Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in
front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had tackled, out
cold with a bloody lump on its head.
 Famous for something he won't even
remember!
 Get it on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, even
Harry got one.
 Gryffindor
will be in even more trouble.
 Harry didn't speak at all as they walked
down the road; he didn't even notice how much people were gawking at
them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny-shaped
packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harry's lap.
 Harry got toast,
coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was
even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldn't
touch, which turned out to be pepper.
 Harry had even less time than the other
two, because Quidditch practice had started again.
 He
gives us all a bad name and you know, he's not really even a ghost -- I
say, what are you all doing here?
 He
strode out of sight; Harry didn't think Quirrell had even noticed him.
 He
was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits
along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice
Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging
tapestries.
 He didn't have to know how many Galleons there were to a
pound to know that he was holding more money than he'd had in his whole
life -- more money than even Dudley had ever had.
 He had no friends, no other relatives -- he didn't belong to the
library, so he'd never even got rude notes asking for books back.
 He hadn't
even lasted two weeks.
 He looked even smaller and
skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes
of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was.
 He pulled his broomstick up
a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls
back on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron.
 He'd never been more
nervous, never, not even when he'd had to take a school report home to
the Dursleys saying that he'd somehow turned his teacher's wig blue.
 He'd never even
seen the boy.
 His last, comforting
thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were
involved, there was no reason for them to come near him and Mrs.
 I can teach
you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death -- if you aren't
as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.
 I knew yeh weren't
gettin' yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldn't even know abou'
Hogwarts, fer cryin' out loud!
 I'm
famous and I can't even remember what I'm famous for.
 If Harry hadn't known that the Dursleys had no sense of
humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything
Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn't help
trusting him.
 If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed
Mrs.
 If there was one thing the
Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking
about anything acting in a way it shouldn't, no matter if it was in a
dream or even a cartoon -- they seemed to think he might get dangerous
ideas.
 It was even worth being with
Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn't school,
his cupboard, or Mrs.
 It wasn't even
Voldemort.
 Makes yeh even more famous.
 Men have wasted away before it, entranced by
what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is
real or even possible.
 Most of them had never
seen an owl even at nighttime.
 My brain surprises even me sometimes.
 Once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a
passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late - -
they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge
stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor.
 People are being downright careless, out on
the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes,
swapping rumors.
 Privately, Harry felt she'd had
good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of
accidents even with both feet on the ground.
 Professor McGonagall was sweeping along without even
looking at him; he had to jog to keep up.
 Some
of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter,
imagine.
 That's what yeh get when a Powerful, evil curse touches
yeh -- took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house, even -- but it didn't
work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Harry.
 The Dursleys knew that the
Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him.
 The blood of a unicorn will keep you alive,
even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price.
 The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry
couldn't even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to
get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on purpose.
 The lamp looked as if it was floating along
in midair, and even though Harry could feel his arm supporting it, the
sight gave him the creeps.
 The troll couldn't feel Harry hanging there,
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
nose, and Harry's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
 The troll didn't even seem to notice the pipe
hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning
its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it.
 There was so much to
learn that even people like Ron didn't have much of a head start.
 They couldn't afford
to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
 They sat by the hour eating anything they
could spear on a toasting fork -- bread, English muffins, marshmallows
-- and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk
about even if they wouldn't work.
 They tugged and heaved at the door, but it
wouldn't budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora charm.
 UP another
staircase, then another -- even one of Harry's shortcuts didn't make the
work much easier.
 Unfortunately, while
everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already
suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not
only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog
didn't even manage to bite Snape's leg off properly.
 Yeh'd die of hunger tryin' ter
get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat.
 You'll be in trouble before we even get there!
 and the very last time Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his
revenge, without even realizing he was doing it?
 sir -- even if the Stone's
gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know- Who --"

"Call him Voldemort, Harry.
 to
have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone,
will give us some protection forever.
"

"Even if I could, I wouldn't.
"

But even Quidditch had lost its fun.
"

Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, Argus
Filch.
"

It was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more
strange and exciting than the wild rumors.
"

They hadn't even reached the end of the corridor when Hermione caught up
with them.
" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.

couldn't 103



CHAPTER FIFTEEN

THE FORIBIDDEN FOREST

Things couldn't have been worse.



CHAPTER TEN

HALLOWEEN

Malfoy couldn't believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were
still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful.


"But why couldn't Quirrell touch me?


"Couldn't make us a cup o' tea, could yeh?


"I couldn't help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying --"

"Bet you could," Ron muttered.


Had Harry thought that things couldn't have been worse?


Half an hour later, Harry, who couldn't believe his luck, was sitting in
the back of the Dursleys' car with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the
zoo for the first time in his life.


Harry couldn't sit down.


Harry would have screamed, but he couldn't make a sound.


Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to
Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or
why they had both brought their wands to the match.


The next chamber was so dark they couldn't see anything at all.


The trees were so thick he couldn't see where Snape had gone.

Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look Severus Snape
in the face for weeks.

Harry couldn't make out the look on his face, but he was stuttering
worse than ever.

Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who
couldn't have looked more stunned and horrified if he'd just had the
Body-Bind Curse put on him.

Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exactly as it
had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off He had been given a week
in his cupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he
couldn't explain how it had grown back so quickly.

Yours sincerely,

Minerva McGonagall,

Deputy Headmistress

Questions exploded inside Harry's head like fireworks and he couldn't
decide which to ask first.
 "But it's that sad -- knew yer mum an' dad, an' nicer
people yeh couldn't find -- anyway.
 After half an
hour, night had really fallen and they couldn't carry on.
 All three of
the dog's noses sniffed madly in their direction, even though it
couldn't see them.
 As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn't help
noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people
about.
 As they
couldn't go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door,
slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small
window in the downstairs bathroom.
 Aunt Petunia burst
into tears and said she couldn't believe it was her Ickle Dudleykins, he
looked so handsome and grown-up.
 But -- he
couldn't.
 But he couldn't
do it.
 Charlie Weasley
couldn't have done it.
 Dudley's
favorite punching bag was Harry, but he couldn't often catch him.
 Dursley couldn't bear people who dressed in
funny clothes -- the getups you saw on young people!
 Even the endless rain that
had replaced the snow couldn't dampen his spirits.
 Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing
at two large ice creams to show he couldn't come in.
 Harry
and Hermione walked back to the castle feeling Saturday couldn't come
quickly enough.
 Harry
couldn't sleep.
 Harry
wished he could forget what he'd seen in the mirror as easily, but he
couldn't.
 Harry couldn't blame them.
 Harry couldn't think of anything to
say to comfort him.
 He
didn't know what time it was and he couldn't be sure the Dursleys were
asleep yet.
 He bent down over the fireplace; they couldn't see what he
was doing but when he drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire
there.
 He couldn't
move a muscle.
 He couldn't
see how they were going to get out of trouble this time.
 He couldn't
turn it.
 He couldn't believe
it.
 He couldn't direct it at all.
 He couldn't ever remember feeling
happier.
 He couldn't kill that little boy.
 He couldn't know that at this very
moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up
their glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy
who lived!
 He couldn't miss it.
 He couldn't remember being in the car when
his parents had died.
 He couldn't remember his parents at all.
 He couldn't see how he and Petunia could get
mixed up in anything that might be going on -- he yawned and turned over
-- it couldn't affect them.
 He couldn't stay here, he had to find his way back to bed.
 He couldn't stop stammering his thanks,
sounding just like Professor Quirrell.
 He put the bottle
down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking
his body, but couldn't feel them -- for a moment he could see nothing
but dark fire -- then he was on the other side, in the last chamber.
 I couldn't do anything
with Dumbledore watching.
 I've been out here for hours, I couldn't
remember the new password to get in to bed.
 If Harry hadn't known that the Dursleys had no sense of
humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything
Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry couldn't help
trusting him.
 It got to its feet and came swiftly toward
Harry -- he couldn't move for fear.
 It was a
shame, but as Ron said, you couldn't have everything in life.
 It was now
reading the sign that said Privet Drive -- no, looking at the sign; cats
couldn't read maps or signs.
 Neville
was snoring loudly, but Harry couldn't sleep.
 Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because
Harry couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by
his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there
was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
 Neville's jaws were jammed together so he
couldn't speak.
 No one knows why, or how,
but they're saying that when he couldn't kill Harry Potter, Voldemort's
power somehow broke -- and that's why he's gone.
 Percy
got an owl from my dad for being made a prefect, but they couldn't aff
-- I mean, I got Scabbers instead.
 Professor Snape couldn't bear being in your father's debt.
 Quirrell screamed and tried to throw Harry off -- the
pain in Harry's head was building -- he couldn't see -- he could only
hear Quirrell's terrible shrieks and Voldemort's yells of, "KILL HIM!
 Ron couldn't see what was exciting about a game
with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly.
 Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than
looking at the Famous Witches and Wizards cards, but Harry couldn't keep
his eyes off them.
 The Dursleys couldn't have known about
this or they'd have had it from him faster than blinking.
 The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry
couldn't even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to
get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on purpose.
 The troll couldn't feel Harry hanging there,
but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up its
nose, and Harry's wand had still been in his hand when he'd jumped -- it
had gone straight up one of the troll's nostrils.
 Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the
record shop on the other as if they couldn't see the Leaky Cauldron at
all.
 Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled
words in languages Harry couldn't understand.
 They couldn't afford
to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
 They couldn't see him, of course, but it was a narrow corridor
and if they came much nearer they'd knock right into him -- the cloak
didn't stop him from being solid.
 They were all very
impressed and couldn't wait to get started, but soon realized they
weren't going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time.
 They were sure she'd be
able to tell them, but they couldn't risk Snape hearing what they were
up to.
 This
was something you couldn't learn by heart out of a book -- not that she
hadn't tried.
 This bunch were whispering
excitedly, too, and he couldn't see a single collecting tin.
 This couldn't be true, it couldn't.
 This, he
supposed, was the crash, though he couldn't imagine where all the green
light came from.
 Until they were, he couldn't risk sneaking to the kitchen
for some food.
 When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put
down their quills and roll up their parchment, Harry couldn't help
cheering with the rest.
 You couldn't
find two people who are less like us.
 he couldn't kill a little boy?
"

"And no wonder we couldn't find Flamel in that Study of Recent
Developments in Wizardry," said Ron.
"

"Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?
"

"What would you know about it, Weasley, you couldn't afford half the
handle," Malfoy snapped back.
"

"You nearly were, I couldn't have kept him off the Stone much longer --"

"Not the Stone, boy, you -- the effort involved nearly killed you.
"

Harry couldn't believe anyone could be so interfering.
"

Harry couldn't eat.
"

Harry couldn't speak, but Hagrid understood.
"

Harry couldn't take it in.
"

Harry leaned back quickly so they couldn't see him looking.
"

Harry nodded, but he couldn't shake off a lurking feeling that there was
something he'd forgotten to do, something important.
"

Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he couldn't
see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas.
"

He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted
anything so wonderful, but he still couldn't take his eyes off the
giant.
"

Quirrell rolled off him, his face blistering, too, and then Harry knew:
Quirrell couldn't touch his bare skin, not without suffering terrible
pain -- his only chance was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough
pain to stop him from doing a curse.
"

Ron couldn't get worked up, it was too hot.
"

Ron couldn't resist it.
"

The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasn't
there -- or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't
understand them, like a slug.
"

They heard him crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking
at each other, very scared, until they couldn't hear anything but the
rustling of leaves around them.
"

Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes
when he said that.
" Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward
the door, but she couldn't move, she was still flat against the wall,
her mouth open with terror.

neville 102


"Fine," said Neville, showing them.


"I don't care if Malfoy has, but if something's got Neville.


"Malfoy," said Neville shakily.


"Neville, you can look!


"Neville," she said, "I'm really, really sorry about this.


"Nothing, Neville, nothing," said Harry, hurriedly putting the cloak
behind his back.


"Well, my gran brought me up and she's a witch," said Neville, "but the
family thought I was all- Muggle for ages.


"What about you, Neville?


"You can't go out," said Neville, "you'll be caught again.


"You'll understand later, Neville," said Ron as they stepped over him
and pulled on the invisibility cloak.


"You've got to stand up to him, Neville!


A barn owl brought Neville a small package from his grandmother.


All the same, it wasn't what you'd call the perfect end to the day,
Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus
falling asleep (Neville wasn't back from the hospital wing).


At eleven o'clock that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the common
room and went down to the entrance hall with Neville.


But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didn't feel like a
very good omen.


Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was.


Madam Hooch was bending over Neville, her face as white as his.


Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not
daring to take his eyes from the game, said, "You tell him, Neville.


Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay
underneath the dog and the trapdoor.


Neville had never been on a broomstick in his life, because his
grandmother had never let him near one.


Neville stared at their guilty faces.


Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in
the top row.


Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to
Neville, who couldn't understand why they looked so grim and worried, or
why they had both brought their wands to the match.


The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and
Neville at the breakfast table.


When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was called,
he fell over on his way to the stool.

When Professor McGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville.
 " So me, Harry,
an' Hermione'll go one way an' Draco, Neville, an' Fang'll go the other.
 "And
I gave Malfoy a black eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle
single-handed!
 "I think we'll be okay
-- get off, Neville!
 "I was
trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to
catch you, he said you had a drag --"

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor
McGonagall had seen.
 "Neville, you don't know
what you're doing.
 "Oh, Neville, I'm so
sorry.
 A little way into it they reached a
fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left
path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right.
 All Neville cared about was never
going near the dog again.
 And Neville will play Quidditch for
England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down.
 Even
Neville scraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his
abysmal Potions one.
 Harry and Ron were followed
into their boat by Neville and Hermione.
 Harry saw his
scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp,
slip sideways off the broom and --

WHAM -- a thud and a nasty crack and Neville lay facedown on the grass
in a heap.
 Harry's partner was Seamus Finnigan (which
was a relief, because Neville had been trying to catch his eye).
 Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and
cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people
hugging him.
 He
gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might cry.
 He could hear Neville sobbing into his
pillow for what seemed like hours.
 He knew Neville, like himself, was dreading the
dawn.
 He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game
when the compartment door slid open yet again, but it wasn't Neville the
toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time.
 It was Neville.
 Malfoy,
Neville, and Fang were with him.
 Malfoy, it seemed,
had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke.
 Neville
Longbottom.
 Neville
appeared from behind an armchair, clutching Trevor the toad, who looked
as though he'd been making another bid for freedom.
 Neville
was snoring loudly, but Harry couldn't sleep.
 Neville had
panicked and sent up the sparks.
 Neville had been sobbing into
Hagrid's jacket for the last five minutes.
 Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamus's cauldron into a
twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor,
burning holes in people's shoes.
 Neville hesitated, then clambered over
the back of his seat to help.
 Neville kept sniffing.
 Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke
into a run -he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of
them toppled right into a suit of armor.
 Neville thought Harry had a bad case of exam nerves because
Harry couldn't sleep, but the truth was that Harry kept being woken by
his old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there
was a hooded figure dripping blood in it.
 Neville was bent double, wheezing and
spluttering.
 Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for
anything that might help him hang on to his broomstick later, but
everybody else was very pleased when Hermione's lecture was interrupted
by the arrival of the mail.
 Neville, indeed, looked
as if he'd never speak again.
 Neville, the
boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed once or twice.
 On my whistle -- three
-- two --"

But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the
ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touched Madam Hooch's
lips.
 Poor,
blundering Neville -- Harry knew what it must have cost him to try and
find them in the dark, to warn them.
 Privately, Harry felt she'd had
good reason, because Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of
accidents even with both feet on the ground.
 Right, we're changin' groups -- Neville, you stay with me an'
Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an' this idiot.
 The hat took a long time to decide
with Neville.
 Then he
rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville.
 They all scrambled
through it -- Neville needed a leg up -- and found themselves in the
Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs.
 They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were
ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.
 When it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR," Neville ran off
still wearing it, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give it
to "MacDougal, Morag.
 Why don't you go to bed,
Neville?
 Within seconds, the whole class was
standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the
potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils
sprang up all over his arms and legs.
"

"Good - well, look, Neville, we've got to be somewhere, we'll see you
later --"

"Don't leave me!
"

"Keep your voice down, Neville.
"

"Neville, "Ron exploded, "get away from that hole and don't be an idiot
--"

"Don't you call me an idiot!
"

"Oh, Neville," he heard the old woman sigh.
"

"There's no need to tell me I'm not brave enough to be in Gryffindor,
Malfoy's already done that," Neville choked out.
"

"We had to, Neville, no time to explain," said Harry.
"

As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard card.
"

At that moment Neville toppled into the common room.
"

At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his
tracks.
"

But Neville was clearly steeling himself to do something desperate.
"

Harry caught Neville's eye and tried to tell him without words that this
wasn't true, because Neville was looking stunned and hurt.
"

He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt
out of sight.
"

Hermione and Neville were suffering, too.
"

Neville clutched the sleeve of Harry's robe and made a choking noise.
"

Neville shook his head.
"

Neville was trying to remember what he'd forgotten when Draco Malfoy,
who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatched the Remembrall out of his
hand.
"

Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to face Malfoy.
"

Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose.
"

Neville, his face tear-streaked, clutching his wrist, hobbled off with
Madam Hooch, who had her arm around him.
"

Ron looked at his watch and then glared furiously at Hermione and
Neville.
" For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of
Harry's bathrobe for the last minute.
" Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as
Harry sped straight at Snape -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron
rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the
whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
" Hermione urged Neville.
" Neville burst Out, the moment he saw the other two.
" cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands.
" said Neville, raising his fists.
" said Neville, scrambling to his feet, "I don't want to
stay here alone, the Bloody Baron's been past twice already.
" said Neville.
" she cried, pointing it at Neville.
" she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a
cork shot out of a bottle -- twelve feet -- twenty feet.

